 COL l_ltable.id VAL 70 COL l_ltable.description VAL wasp fontware is a powerful bar code utility that seamlessly integrates truetype fonts with your favorite business software and database applications. wasp bar code fonts are compatible with all windows applications including the most common word processors and spreadsheets. easily create bar codes simply by using a font. generating bar codes has never been easier! wasp fontware professional+ package includes additional add-ins for word excel access and crystal reports. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL informatics 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1055 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1167 COL l_ltable.description VAL adobe illustrator cs3 software allows you to efficiently create sophisticated vector artwork for virtually any medium. access tools quickly and easily explore color variations and share files seamlessly between illustrator and other adobe professional applications as you prepare content for print web and interactive and mobile and motion designs. efficiently create sophisticated vector artwork for virtually any medium. explore new paths with the essential vector tool produce vector artwork for all types of media using adobe illustrator cs3. discover dynamic new ways to explore apply and control color variations; work faster with new drawing tools and controls; and increase your efficiency using new document profiles and the crop area tool. take your graphics to the printed page websites video mobile devices and virtually everywhere you want to go. see for yourself how illustrator cs3 lets you explore new paths. use powerful precise creative tools quickly explore multiple design options with the powerful precise creative features in illustrator cs3. industry-standard drawing tools new color controls and a wealth of powerful effects enable greater creative productivity and the ability to easily experiment. use new live color to explore color harmonies and interactively apply color to any selection of objects. work faster by controlling path editing and point alignment in the control panel. and enhance your artwork with professional typography and transparent effects. work quickly and intuitively efficiently execute your ideas in illustrator cs3. with easier access to tools and options flexible and customizable workspaces and a wealth of timesaving features and shortcuts you can speed through design and production tasks. the enhanced control panel frees up screen space and puts more options at your fingertips while new document profiles provide a launch pad for video and other designs. whatever your final output destination you can create your artwork quickly and easily in illustrator cs3. enjoy tight integration streamline your design workflows by moving easily between illustrator cs3 and other adobe applications. leverage robust integration with adobe flash software for your web animations and preview mobile artwork in adobe device central cs3. use your vector designs as the basis of dvd menus titles and visual effects by moving them easily between illustrator and adobe motion and effects applications. and create reliable adobe pdf files with multiple pages and layers intact for high-quality printed output. audience benefit graphic designers--adobe illustrator cs3 software lets you create compelling vector graphics that remain sharp as you scale edit and output them to virtually any medium. instantly convert bitmaps to vector artwork paint intuitively explore color variations design with advanced typographic control and easily find the tools you need. rely on industry-standard drawing tools and tight integration with adobe photoshop cs3 adobe flash cs3 professional adobe indesign cs3 and other favorite applications to quickly realize your ideas. web and interactive designers--adobe illustrator cs3 software gives you the power to create compelling interactive vector graphics for rich online experiences. tight integration with adobe photoshop cs3 and adobe flash cs3 professional software enables you to easily design layouts and comps using industry-standard creative tools and then smoothly move files between applications for efficient authoring workflows to produce vector graphics that look sharp remain editable and go virtually anywhere. motion graphics and visual effects designers--adobe illustrator cs3 software delivers the tools you need to produce innovative motion graphics and visual effects. integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional adobe premiere pro cs3 and adobe encore cs3 software means you can use small efficient vector files as the foundation for your designs and a wealth of industry-standard drawing tools let you explore creative possibilities with ease. whether you create dvd menus or music videos station identities or special effects illustrator cs3 is an affordable efficient and powerful post-production tool. new in adobe illustrator cs3 live color explore apply and control color variations using live color which lets you select any artwork and interactively edit the colors to see results immediately. use the color guide panel to quickly choose tints shades or harmonious color combinations. adobe flash integration import native adobe illustrator files into flash cs3 professional or copy and paste artwork from illustrator to flash with paths anchor points gradients clipping masks and symbols intact. layers groups and object names are also preserved. drawing tools and controls draw in illustrator more quickly and fluidly than ever. easier and more flexible anchor point selection improved operating performance and a new eraser tool help you create artwork efficiently and intuitively. improved operating performance enjoy more responsive drawing and editing with improved performance in key operations including faster screen redraw object moving panning scaling and transformations. control panel discover more options faster and free up screen space by accessing anchor point controls clipping masks envelope distortions and more from the context-sensitive control panel. eraser tool quickly remove areas of artwork with the eraser tool as easily as you erase pixels in photoshop and enjoy complete control over the width shape and smoothness of the erasure. new document profiles create artwork easily by selecting prebuilt profiles for various types of media and save custom profiles that specify such setup parameters as artboard dimensions styles and color spaces. crop area tool define crop areas interactively for print or export. choose preset web ratios or video formats with safe areas and set crop marks intuitively. define multiple crop areas and easily move between them as needed. isolation mode edit objects in a group without disturbing other parts of your artwork. easily select hard-to-find objects without having to restack lock or hide layers. symbols for flash use symbols to animate repeated objects while keeping file sizes small. define and name symbol object attributes and preserve these properties when you take the artwork to flash cs3 professional for further editing. additional features live trace quickly and accurately convert photos scans or other bitmap images to editable and scalable vector paths using live trace. integration with adobe design applications speed your way through graphic designs and print production thanks to tight integration with adobe photoshop indesign and acrobat software. live paint easily paint any closed or partially closed area of your artwork with the live paint bucket which automatically detects and corrects gaps and lets you interactively select colors from a swatch palette for faster work. advanced typography easily create and control type with over 100 opentype fonts paragraph and character styles paragraph composition underline and strikethrough transparent effects and more. custom workspaces work more efficiently using custom workspaces that display only the panels you need for a specific task. save share or access any workspace at any time or use workspace presets. adobe pdf file creation tools create native adobe pdf files including multipage pdf files so clients and others can easily review your artwork using adobe acrobat or free adobe reader software. web and interactive tools easily create for the web and mobile devices using vector-based slicing tools robust integration with flash new document profiles for web and mobile designs the capability to preview mobile content in adobe device central and more. new document profiles for web and mobile devices select profiles for web or mobile devices that include prebuilt proportional crops symbols and more. save custom profiles for your projects and clients. save for web/mobile easily export using the save for web/mobile dialog box which lets you choose from html swf gif and jpeg formats along with color count compression file size mobile output and more. adobe device central cs3 create rich graphic content for mobile devices by using adobe device central cs3 to open a specific new document profile and then preview output using the save for web/mobile dialog box. integration with adobe motion and effects tools use your adobe illustrator artwork in adobe after effects projects adobe premiere pro video productions and adobe encore projects to create dvd titles animations effects and more. live color for motion and effects use live color to explore apply and control color variations for effects. quickly change colors in your artwork and automatically see the update in adobe after effects or adobe premiere pro software. new document profiles for motion and effects select prebuilt profiles that include video color profiles pixel aspect ratios transparency grids and aperture settings. save profiles with custom parameters. crop area tool for motion and effectsuse the crop area tool to define working areas on your artboard that are specific to your video aperture complete with safe-area guides. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 122 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: live color live trace live paint advanced typography user's manual... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 690 COL l_ltable.description VAL with over 75 card games from classic games like cribbage to new favorites like online texas holdâem hoyle card games has something for everyone. featuring solitaire plus the official hoyle rulebook with an additional bonus of 16 black jack games. shuffle the deck and deal yourself some fun! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1286 COL r_rtable.description VAL enjoy classic favorites and popular new card games with hoyle card games 2007. features over 75 card games including official rules tips and strategies for such games as poker cribbage bridge hearts rummy texas holdem and much more! create ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 209 COL l_ltable.description VAL word 2004 has innovative new features that give your personal or business documents the right look every time. enjoy the latest tools and advancements of the most popular word processor around. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 312 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: professional content share your documents business integration better manage content... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 554 COL l_ltable.description VAL topics entertainment instant immersion spanish deluxe 2.0. you set the pace for learning with this series of personalized beginner intermediate and advanced programs. with entertaining instruction on 20 key lessons including vocabulary grammar and phonetics you will quickly start speaking reading and writing spanish windows & xp pc only COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 11 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: video instruction interactive dialogue 70+ hours of lesson 2000 visual/written terms 5-disc course test skills ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 34 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL school zone 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 848 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 70 COL l_ltable.description VAL wasp fontware is a powerful bar code utility that seamlessly integrates truetype fonts with your favorite business software and database applications. wasp bar code fonts are compatible with all windows applications including the most common word processors and spreadsheets. easily create bar codes simply by using a font. generating bar codes has never been easier! wasp fontware professional+ package includes additional add-ins for word excel access and crystal reports. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL informatics 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1022 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 25 COL l_ltable.description VAL startopia takes gamers to a once-thriving galactic network of starships space stations and planets left lifeless with redundant scars of the apocalypse. you will lead the way in rebuilding the network of space stations that once served the commerce and communication of the old empire--reuniting the surviving alien peoples under one banner. startopia gives you the opportunity to rebuild and successfully maintain a series of giant torus (donut) space stations scattered across the galaxy. they will provide a suitable home for the many alien races that inhabit space and perhaps turn a tidy profit for you in the process. of course there are plenty of other enterprising individuals out there with the same goals not to mention there are many hazards that exist in deep space. a number of different life forms and organizations are developing competing stations and it will only be a matter of time before you'll need to confront your opponents. will you use economic or military means to force out your opponents? you decide. startopia features nine primary character races each with a unique look and function. each inhabitant is an individual character with unique moods desires personal histories and humorous character animations. it's a fully functioning alien society with racial animosity and friendships crime and punishment leisure and entertainment and a functioning economy. the unique torus play area gives a viewpoint never before seen in a game. the bio-deck has an editable landscape and a manageable ecosystem allowing you complete control of terraforming. multiplayer support for up to three other stationmasters and simple and intuitive command of security forces can conflict with other players or defend your station against alien threats. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL eidos interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2519 COL r_rtable.description VAL software testing second edition provides practical insight into the world of software testing and quality assurance. learn how to find problems in any computer program how to plan an effective test approach and how to tell when software is ready ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 25 COL l_ltable.description VAL startopia takes gamers to a once-thriving galactic network of starships space stations and planets left lifeless with redundant scars of the apocalypse. you will lead the way in rebuilding the network of space stations that once served the commerce and communication of the old empire--reuniting the surviving alien peoples under one banner. startopia gives you the opportunity to rebuild and successfully maintain a series of giant torus (donut) space stations scattered across the galaxy. they will provide a suitable home for the many alien races that inhabit space and perhaps turn a tidy profit for you in the process. of course there are plenty of other enterprising individuals out there with the same goals not to mention there are many hazards that exist in deep space. a number of different life forms and organizations are developing competing stations and it will only be a matter of time before you'll need to confront your opponents. will you use economic or military means to force out your opponents? you decide. startopia features nine primary character races each with a unique look and function. each inhabitant is an individual character with unique moods desires personal histories and humorous character animations. it's a fully functioning alien society with racial animosity and friendships crime and punishment leisure and entertainment and a functioning economy. the unique torus play area gives a viewpoint never before seen in a game. the bio-deck has an editable landscape and a manageable ecosystem allowing you complete control of terraforming. multiplayer support for up to three other stationmasters and simple and intuitive command of security forces can conflict with other players or defend your station against alien threats. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL eidos interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1055 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 566 COL l_ltable.description VAL x-zoom movies on psp is the first commercial video & dvd software for the sony psp. it enables you to quickly convert your dvds or movie files into a format your psp can read and understand. get the best possible picture and audio quality for 10 different input formats: dvd (s)vcd divx avi wmv real mpeg and quicktime. over 10 presets make conversion easy and the fit-to-stick technology resizes movie files to your memory stick size. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL x-oom 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2894 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1168 COL l_ltable.description VAL note: this is the upgrade version of adobe illustrator cs3. adobe illustrator cs3 upgrade software allows you to efficiently create sophisticated vector artwork for virtually any medium. access tools quickly and easily explore color variations and share files seamlessly between illustrator and other adobe professional applications as you prepare content for print web and interactive and mobile and motion designs. efficiently create sophisticated vector artwork for virtually any medium. explore new paths with the essential vector tool produce vector artwork for all types of media using adobe illustrator cs3. discover dynamic new ways to explore apply and control color variations; work faster with new drawing tools and controls; and increase your efficiency using new document profiles and the crop area tool. take your graphics to the printed page websites video mobile devices and virtually everywhere you want to go. see for yourself how illustrator cs3 lets you explore new paths. use powerful precise creative tools quickly explore multiple design options with the powerful precise creative features in illustrator cs3. industry-standard drawing tools new color controls and a wealth of powerful effects enable greater creative productivity and the ability to easily experiment. use new live color to explore color harmonies and interactively apply color to any selection of objects. work faster by controlling path editing and point alignment in the control panel. and enhance your artwork with professional typography and transparent effects. work quickly and intuitively efficiently execute your ideas in illustrator cs3. with easier access to tools and options flexible and customizable workspaces and a wealth of timesaving features and shortcuts you can speed through design and production tasks. the enhanced control panel frees up screen space and puts more options at your fingertips while new document profiles provide a launch pad for video and other designs. whatever your final output destination you can create your artwork quickly and easily in illustrator cs3. enjoy tight integration streamline your design workflows by moving easily between illustrator cs3 and other adobe applications. leverage robust integration with adobe flash software for your web animations and preview mobile artwork in adobe device central cs3. use your vector designs as the basis of dvd menus titles and visual effects by moving them easily between illustrator and adobe motion and effects applications. and create reliable adobe pdf files with multiple pages and layers intact for high-quality printed output. audience benefit graphic designers--adobe illustrator cs3 software lets you create compelling vector graphics that remain sharp as you scale edit and output them to virtually any medium. instantly convert bitmaps to vector artwork paint intuitively explore color variations design with advanced typographic control and easily find the tools you need. rely on industry-standard drawing tools and tight integration with adobe photoshop cs3 adobe flash cs3 professional adobe indesign cs3 and other favorite applications to quickly realize your ideas. web and interactive designers--adobe illustrator cs3 software gives you the power to create compelling interactive vector graphics for rich online experiences. tight integration with adobe photoshop cs3 and adobe flash cs3 professional software enables you to easily design layouts and comps using industry-standard creative tools and then smoothly move files between applications for efficient authoring workflows to produce vector graphics that look sharp remain editable and go virtually anywhere. motion graphics and visual effects designers--adobe illustrator cs3 software delivers the tools you need to produce innovative motion graphics and visual effects. integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional adobe premiere pro cs3 and adobe encore cs3 software means you can use small efficient vector files as the foundation for your designs and a wealth of industry-standard drawing tools let you explore creative possibilities with ease. whether you create dvd menus or music videos station identities or special effects illustrator cs3 is an affordable efficient and powerful post-production tool. new in adobe illustrator cs3 live color explore apply and control color variations using live color which lets you select any artwork and interactively edit the colors to see results immediately. use the color guide panel to quickly choose tints shades or harmonious color combinations. adobe flash integration import native adobe illustrator files into flash cs3 professional or copy and paste artwork from illustrator to flash with paths anchor points gradients clipping masks and symbols intact. layers groups and object names are also preserved. drawing tools and controls draw in illustrator more quickly and fluidly than ever. easier and more flexible anchor point selection improved operating performance and a new eraser tool help you create artwork efficiently and intuitively. improved operating performance enjoy more responsive drawing and editing with improved performance in key operations including faster screen redraw object moving panning scaling and transformations. control panel discover more options faster and free up screen space by accessing anchor point controls clipping masks envelope distortions and more from the context-sensitive control panel. eraser tool quickly remove areas of artwork with the eraser tool as easily as you erase pixels in photoshop and enjoy complete control over the width shape and smoothness of the erasure. new document profiles create artwork easily by selecting prebuilt profiles for various types of media and save custom profiles that specify such setup parameters as artboard dimensions styles and color spaces. crop area tool define crop areas interactively for print or export. choose preset web ratios or video formats with safe areas and set crop marks intuitively. define multiple crop areas and easily move between them as needed. isolation mode edit objects in a group without disturbing other parts of your artwork. easily select hard-to-find objects without having to restack lock or hide layers. symbols for flash use symbols to animate repeated objects while keeping file sizes small. define and name symbol object attributes and preserve these properties when you take the artwork to flash cs3 professional for further editing. additional features live trace quickly and accurately convert photos scans or other bitmap images to editable and scalable vector paths using live trace. integration with adobe design applications speed your way through graphic designs and print production thanks to tight integration with adobe photoshop indesign and acrobat software. live paint easily paint any closed or partially closed area of your artwork with the live paint bucket which automatically detects and corrects gaps and lets you interactively select colors from a swatch palette for faster work. advanced typography easily create and control type with over 100 opentype fonts paragraph and character styles paragraph composition underline and strikethrough transparent effects and more. custom workspaces work more efficiently using custom workspaces that display only the panels you need for a specific task. save share or access any workspace at any time or use workspace presets. adobe pdf file creation tools create native adobe pdf files including multipage pdf files so clients and others can easily review your artwork using adobe acrobat or free adobe reader software. web and interactive tools easily create for the web and mobile devices using vector-based slicing tools robust integration with flash new document profiles for web and mobile designs the capability to preview mobile content in adobe device central and more. new document profiles for web and mobile devices select profiles for web or mobile devices that include prebuilt proportional crops symbols and more. save custom profiles for your projects and clients. save for web/mobile easily export using the save for web/mobile dialog box which lets you choose from html swf gif and jpeg formats along with color count compression file size mobile output and more. adobe device central cs3 create rich graphic content for mobile devices by using adobe device central cs3 to open a specific new document profile and then preview output using the save for web/mobile dialog box. integration with adobe motion and effects tools use your adobe illustrator artwork in adobe after effects projects adobe premiere pro video productions and adobe encore projects to create dvd titles animations effects and more. live color for motion and effects use live color to explore apply and control color variations for effects. quickly change colors in your artwork and automatically see the update in adobe after effects or adobe premiere pro software. new document profiles for motion and effects select prebuilt profiles that include video color profiles pixel aspect ratios transparency grids and aperture settings. save profiles with custom parameters. crop area tool for motion and effectsuse the crop area tool to define working areas on your artboard that are specific to your video aperture complete with safe-area guides. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3147 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 512mb ram (1gb recommended) 2.5gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card dvd-rom drive ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 840 COL l_ltable.description VAL snap! kakuro (win 98 me xp) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1291 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 677 COL l_ltable.description VAL sims 2: nightlife takes your sim into the night. explore all of your favorite after-dark activities as you discover your sims' love lives or have a crazy night out with friends. with the new dating gameplay players will see if their sims have chemistry with others which will determine their romantic fate. make your sims nightlife fantasy a reality with over 125 new objects including a dj booth poker table and all you need to design the ultimate nightclub and vip lounge. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3224 COL r_rtable.description VAL final system requirements will be set approximately 4-6 weeks to a game?s ship date. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1140 COL l_ltable.description VAL risk ii resurrects the classic game of military strategy. you're battling to conquer the world. to win you must launch attacks and defend yourself on all sides. the dangers are great but so are the rewards -- if you're willing to take the risk. the classic game of strategic warfare and global domination. it is the time of empires and armies countries and conquests. organize your forces in a ruthless campaign to crush your enemies and take their territories in this fast paced game of strategy negotiation and luck. see the classic family hit come to life with more ways to play advanced map options superior graphics and animated battles. deploy your troops attack your enemies and even betray your allies in an aggressive effort to take over the world! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3167 COL r_rtable.description VAL from chaos comes order. private prisons have become the new growth industry. you will construct and run an efficient rehabilitation facility with nothing but money on your mind. there's no escaping under your watchful eye as you oversee every detail ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 731 COL l_ltable.description VAL the sims complete collection includes the sims and all seven expansion packs -- all in one convenient package. an entire world of sims awaits your quirky command. it's your neighborhood they're your sims and whether they prosper or perish is completely up to you! with the sims - unleashed you'll add a furry friend to your sims family. housebreak your pets train them to do tricks buy them toys and do your best to keep them from destroying the house! the sims - superstar lets you experience the lifestyles of the rich and famous and guide your sims to superstardom. become a movie star rocker or supermodel and spend your cash on extravagant new items for your home. in the sims - makin' magic you'll cast spells hypnotize friends and even turn a neighbor into a frog. but watch out spells can go haywire if you're not careful. the neighborhood will never be the same! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2075 COL r_rtable.description VAL featuring ez play today notation. turbo music (software). general midi software. book & disk package. 9x12 inches. 48 pages. published by turbo music. you're the star! packs include fully-orchestrated accompaniments on disk for each song in the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 13 COL l_ltable.description VAL - marketing information: make your project information work for you! the who what and when of your projects are too important to leave to chance. with details your project information is centralized organized and always up-to-date. in an instant you can communicate project statuses with colleagues and clients with presentation-quality reports and customized forms. product information - software sub type: project management/version control - software name: details v.3.0 - complete product - features and benefits: - easy setup - quickstart templates - accurate reporting - custom forms - the report generator - timeline graphs - submittal logs - project logs - contact fields - hyperlinks - web graphics - calculation fields - work calendar - this pop-up console enables you to oversee and manage the import process when importing data from other applications and files - choice lists - column summaries - language support: english - platform support: pc license information - license type: complete product - license pricing: standard - license quantity: 1 user COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aec software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1850 COL r_rtable.description VAL mobile find plus 411 directory search delivers fast easy wireless access to residential and business listings maps and driving directions for your pocket pc palm(tm) or wireless phone - when and where you need it. find phone numbers and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 123 COL l_ltable.description VAL cuteftp is an easy way to transfer files between your pc and remote computers. whether publishing a web page downloading the latest digital images music and software or transferring large files between your home and office cuteftp will get the job done. cuteftp's user-friendly interface conforms to microsoft windows xp and runs on microsoft's latest operating system. cuteftp streamlines your ftp transfers with faster startups quicker connections to ftp servers and improved site navigation logic. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL tri synergy 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 26 COL r_rtable.description VAL the pressure is on for you to pop the pieces before they fill up the screen! incredible fast-paced mind-popping fun! multiple game variations keep this classic fun fresh and addicting to play! includes 12 ways to play 5 skill levels and much ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1050 COL l_ltable.description VAL photo explosion® deluxe 3.0 delivers powerful photo editing features spectacular special effects and professional-quality photo projects - all together in one complete suite offering millions of creative combinations. it's packed with exciting new features designed to unlock the power of your digital camera. improve your photos with one-click smartenhance& 153; red-eye removal and a full array of easy-to-use photo editing tools. then create eye-catching photo calendars scrapbooks wide-angle panoramas and more or even morph one photo into another. this deluxe edition lets you burn photo slide shows onto cds that you can watch on tv with family and friends using most dvd players. you can also view your photos on mobile phones handhelds and ipods. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL nova development 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1787 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements ilife® support spectacular scrapbook thousands of new greeting cards brand new look universal binary COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1294 COL l_ltable.description VAL math success deluxe 2008 offers a full set of educator-approved learning exercises that help children build their math skills. students at any learning level will benefit from these great learning tools and lessons. each essential math skill is introduced and fully covered then tested through interesting games that keep kids' attention and help them learn faster. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1119 COL r_rtable.description VAL ideal for young students at all learning levels math success deluxe 2007 provides students with a diverse and fundamental course of study. build confidence and essential skills in 13 subjects with over 350 activities and more than 2000 exercises ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1350 COL l_ltable.description VAL design std cs3 3 mac ed 1u COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1265 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 java runtime environment 1.5 1gb ram 5.3gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 414 COL l_ltable.description VAL acid pro 5 puts total composition and editing power in the hands of the producer. it's the first loop-based music creation application for almost any level of musical expertise. it's got all the features you need to produce truly professional results. includes more than 1 000 loops from the sony sound series - loops & samples collection plus the native instrument xpress keyboards vsti soft synth bundle COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 655 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. edius pro software can be upgraded to edius broadcast at any time. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL canopus/grass valley 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 202 COL l_ltable.description VAL powerpoint 2004 for mac will help you make impressive presentations that have lasting impact. new display tools smooth transitions and bold new animations let you make adjustments on the fly so you'll be prepared and in control every step of the way. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 38 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: professional content share your documents business integration better manage content owner's instructions... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 866 COL l_ltable.description VAL quicken premier 2007 contains everything in quicken basic and deluxe -- plus tools to monitor your net worth optimize your investments and save on taxes. get the help you need to invest plan and prosper in minutes. track your accounts and investments (stocks bonds mutual funds iras and more) all in one place. download credit card banking and brokerage transactions - quicken works with over 3 500 financial institutions. compare your investment performance to the market indexes and get alerts on tax-saving opportunities to improve after-tax returns. plus you'll explore more tax-efficient investments; and make tax time easier with schedule a b and d tax reports. maximize earnings and minimize tax impact to prepare for college tuition a new home retirement and more COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL intuit 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 973 COL r_rtable.description VAL quicken premier 2007 helps you invest plan and prosper in minutes. the premier version contains everything in quicken basic and quicken deluxe plus tools to monitor your net worth optimize your investments and save on taxes. quicken premier 2007 ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1119 COL l_ltable.description VAL prey is a groundbreaking first-person shooter that turns the genre upside-down with new gameplay features and next generation graphics. breaking the traditional first-person shooter format prey introduces innovative gameplay elements including wall-walking portals spirit-walking and gravity flipping which allows for insane eight player deathmatches. prey tells the story of tommy a cherokee garage mechanic stuck on a reservation and going nowhere. his life changes when an otherworldly crisis forces him to awaken spiritual powers from his long-forgotten birthright. abducted along with his people to a menacing mothership orbiting earth he sets out to save himself and his girlfriend and ultimately his planet. multiplayer ­ multiplayer games take complete advantage of the unique gameplay styles of prey as players walk on the ceilings and walls while the map¹s gravity flips from side to side note - may require advanced video processing capabilities on your mac computer COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 655 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. edius pro software can be upgraded to edius broadcast at any time. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL canopus/grass valley 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 501 COL l_ltable.description VAL released back in 1999 the original rollercoaster tycoon took the gaming world by surprise managing to capture the attention of both hardcore gamers and casual novices alike. rollercoaster tycoon 3 not only contains all of the same charm and joy of the original but wraps it up in a spectacular three-dimensional package. you can now rotate the camera and zoom in and out which allows you to more clearly see where a new ride will be placed and exactly how it will fit in your park. the 3d rendering also shows height and depth which isn't just a superfluous change but really assists you when building custom attractions. who knew that constructing and running an amusement park could be so much fun? now for the first time you can build operate and attend the amusement park of your dreams in rollercoaster tycoon 3. take a front row seat on any of your rides and zoom along with a pal. view larger. and speaking of the pals -- they are completely personalized with unique facial expressions and behaviors. view larger. who knew that constructing and running an amusement park could be so much fun? view larger. rollercoaster tycoon 3 allows four modes of play: tutorial career sandbox and custom scenario. the tutorial mode lets you quickly learn and experiment with how to set up and make use of all the game elements. sandbox mode provides you with a large map and unlimited money and makes all the rides scenery shops and paths immediately available. this mode is great for just having fun and creating that super amusement park you've always wanted without worrying about game elements such as time limits. the custom scenario as the name suggests lets you set up your own rules and requirements using the game engine. you can share custom scenarios with friends or find ones that other people have created and posted online. the career mode that constitutes the main gameplay is a bit different than it has been in the past with three goal sets of increasing difficulty for each scenario. your job in career mode is to build the theme park of your dreams by accomplishing certain goals for each scenario. these goals can range from pleasing vips who like clean parks or coasters with certain excitement values to keeping a certain number of people referred to in the game as peeps in your park for a specific amount of time. your ultimate goal besides providing entertainment to all is to work your way from apprentice though entrepreneur and eventually reach the lofty heights of tycoon. rollercoaster tycoon 3 includes a host of nice-touch elements. there is a fireworks display as well as an editor that lets you customize your fireworks. you can add music that plays in time to certain rides or with your fireworks show. you can light up the night with a stunning park-wide lighting system or take in the breathtaking vistas as nature intended with realistic sunsets moonlight and more. there is even a coaster cam that puts you right in the action. you can take a front row seat on any of your rides and zoom along with a peep. (the camera does such an amazing job of showing you what your death spiral coaster feels like that you might not want to play until at least an hour after you've eaten.) and speaking of the pals -- they are completely personalized fully-animated individuals with unique facial expressions and behaviors. for example teenagers often run straight to the high-excitement level coasters while the younger kids like to stay on the more gentle rides and the older folks tend to complain and chase both sets of kids around. you can even create your own family members and friends and add them to your park where they will actually take pictures that will download directly to your my documents folder. there's also a lot of content to explore as rollercoaster tycoon 3 includes five separate themes including generic spooky western adventure and sci-fi. each theme has distinctive rides amusements and shops as well as animatronics and decorations. the game's sweeping variety lets you do virtually anything from setting up water rides that have mechanical great-white sharks lurching out of the water to creating a roller coaster straight out of your imagination. there are 18 distinct scenarios in the game with two that are only playable when unlocked. beating the apprentice level of difficulty on each of the initially unlocked scenarios will unlock a new scenario but you have to beat the much more difficult entrepreneur and tycoon settings on all the levels to unlock the final two scenarios. when it comes to the creative aspect of the game rollercoaster tycoon 3 will allow players to create some spectacular parks with a level of detail they're sure to love. if you were a fan of the first two versions you'll love this one. but if you never played the originals but love theme parks you owe it to yourself to give rollercoaster tycoon 3 a try. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2687 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements mac os x v10.4.8 1.0ghz or faster powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core duo processor (1.2ghz recommended) 256mb ram (512mb recommended) 400mb free hard-disk space video card: ati radeon 9000 or nvidia geforce fx5200 video chipset: ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1046 COL l_ltable.description VAL designed from the ground up for professional photographers apple aperture provides everything you need for after the shoot delivering the first all-in-one post-production tool for photographers. and now it's fully compatible with intel-powered macs. with advanced raw workflow professional project management tools advanced image processing and versatile printing and output options aperture will radically simplify the way you produce and manage your photography. fine-tuned to maximize the advantages offered by macintosh hardware and mac os x tiger aperture offers breakthrough speed and quality -- whether you're working with raw jpeg or tiff images. and with the most powerful image processing in the world aperture is fast -- whether you're working with raw jpeg or tiff images. aperture supports the raw formats from all leading digital camera manufacturers (including canon and nikon) and provides optimized support for such market leading cameras as the canon eos 1ds mark ii canon eos 20d and nikon d2x as well as the highly popular canon digital rebel and nikon d50. it also supports the adobe dng format. whether you're a fashion wedding sports portrait fine art commercial or editorial photographer aperture's color-managed workflow and flexible design tools will help you easily create stunning prints customized contact sheets elegant books and web pages as beautiful as the images you capture. advanced raw workflow as a photographer you know all about the benefits of shooting raw. with access to all the data your digital slr can record you're capturing images of startling quality great dynamic range and virtually no noise. and now for the very first time you have an application that provides you with more control of the final image than you've ever had before. one that actually makes working with raw files as easy as working with jpegs. the tools -- including levels white balance exposure sharpening noise reduction and more -- afford you the freedom to experiment without having to worry about damaging your valuable original images. view larger. providing the very first all-in-one tool for your post-production needs aperture lets you work with raw images through every step of the digital workflow without first having to convert your images into another format to make necessary image adjustments eliminate red-eye remove dust crop organize images or print contact sheets. aperture provides you with the tools to do it all -- import edit catalog organize retouch publish and archive your photographs -- in a raw-focused workflow that's the first of its kind. rather than using another application to manage your images aperture offers built-in project management with robust and flexible tools that make it easy to handle thousands of projects. they include a powerful suite of tools for editing a photo shoot. it's one of the most tedious jobs any photographer faces and it's been particularly taxing when shooting raw. but aperture provides tools specifically designed to work with raw files and to speed you through the process of sifting through thousands of images culling the rejects comparing the keepers and identifying your absolutely finest photographs. nor do you have to convert your images in order to make needed adjustments. you can perfect them without having to leave aperture using a powerful suite of nondestructive image editing tools. the tools -- including levels white balance exposure sharpening noise reduction and more -- afford you the freedom to experiment without having to worry about damaging your valuable original images. that's because aperture applies modifications only to versions of your images and never to the original master images themselves. professional project management aperture the first all-in-one post-production tool for photographers provides everything you need to manage your photo library: flexible organizational tools comprehensive metadata support and powerful search tools that let you find files instantly. for easy organization and searching aperture comes with collections of associated keyword sets (and lets you create your own). aperture lets you import photos from a wide variety of sources and preserves the method you used to organize files when you drag folders from your hard drive and drop them into aperture. in fact because aperture supports both applescript and automator you can streamline many aspects of your workflow by automating those day-in day-out tasks you repeatedly find yourself doing. organize a photo library with thousands of projects any way you want -- in projects albums folders or any combination thereof. create multiple albums of related images within a project. or nest folders inside a project to organize albums books websites and light tables. you can even have aperture automatically group images together into smart albums based on defined criteria. with aperture you can work on multiple projects at once and freely copy or move photos among folders projects and albums. aperture lets you view extract and add metadata with unprecedented ease. on import it automatically extracts all industry-standard exif and iptc metadata. what's more it lets you comprehensively add important metadata -- copyright captions keywords -- at the point of import. as you work with images you're never more than a keystroke away from seeing your metadata in for example the customizable metadata heads-up display where you can customize the metadata to suit your needs. you can also choose what metadata aperture displays with your images and what metadata to embed when you export images. and when it comes to keywords aperture significantly outshines other applications. it not only supports true hierarchical keywording but also provides a number of intuitive ways to assign keywords to images. for example aperture comes with collections of associated keyword sets (and lets you create your own). call up the wedding set for example and you'll have a group of associated keywords -- bride table shots wedding party vows candids limo cake cutting -- any of which you can assign with a keystroke. using the keyword heads-up display you can drag and drop keywords onto a single image or entire group of images at once. and here's a real time-saver once you've assigned a variety of keywords to an image aperture lets you lift them from one image and stamp them onto other images. assigning and working with keywords has never been simpler or more rewarding. powerful compare and select tools open any of the heads-up displays (huds) available in aperture to adjust levels increase brightness modify color temperature assign keywords straighten horizons or make any other adjustments you'd like. it's the biggest most taxing job you have as a photographer. you've finished your shoot. you've taken thousands of photographs. now you need to quickly edit the shoot reviewing all of your photos and identifying your very best. aperture helps you accomplish this with powerful and flexible tools designed specifically to address the needs of the professional photographer. aperture lets you view multiple photos side by side offering a great way to evaluate similar images or multiple versions of the same image. view larger. if you've shot transparencies you're familiar with stacks. you've almost certainly created piles of similar images for fast comparison on your light table. in aperture you can employ the same technique with digital stacks. aperture lets you create stacks manually pulling images into stacks from any album project or folder in your library. or you can have aperture automatically create stacks for you based on the time interval between shutter clicks (1 second to 1 minute). this provides a quick and easy way to compile a sequence of bracketed or sequentially shot images for review. to further aid image comparison aperture lets you quickly rate your images using a six-level rating system (1 to 5 stars plus reject). when you're finished you can collapse the stack to eliminate clutter from your workspace. of course with that large high-resolution screen right before your eyes wouldn't it be great if you could take advantage of all that real estate and review your images full screen? with aperture you can. in fact aperture lets you view your images full screen as large as screen real estate permits. and if you have two displays you can take advantage of aperture's expansive full-screen mode on both of them to create an incomparable working environment. using the filmstrip displayed along the bottom or side of your monitor you can see thumbnails of all the images you're reviewing. you can navigate through them quickly and easily to find the images you want to see even organizing them on the fly. open any of the heads-up displays (huds) available in aperture to adjust levels increase brightness modify color temperature assign keywords straighten horizons or make any other adjustments you'd like. aperture also lets you view multiple photos side by side offering a great way to evaluate similar images or multiple versions of the same image. nondestructive image processing with aperture you never have to worry about retouching images or trying out different image adjustments because aperture makes protecting your raw images job one. designed to protect your images from the moment they're imported aperture identifies your original images as digital masters and it has built-in safeguards to ensure that you can't accidentally overwrite or modify them. in fact it's physically impossible to alter a single pixel of a digital master. instead. aperture takes a novel and completely nondestructive approach to image editing. thanks to aperture's no-regrets retouching policy you can experiment freely without fear or concern creating as many versions as you'd like with different exposure settings image croppings color temperature modifications level adjustments or any combination thereof. thanks to aperture's no-regrets retouching policy you can experiment freely without fear or concern creating as many versions as you'd like with different exposure settings image croppings color temperature modifications level adjustments or any combination thereof until you achieve the exact results you're after. and you don't have to worry about making a mistake. you can modify or delete any adjustment at any time and with no consequences. unlike the duplicate files you need to create in other applications image versions take up virtually no storage space so you don't pay an overhead penalty. and aperture automatically keeps track of all your image versions for you sequentially numbering them on the fly and connecting them to the master image as part of a stack. offering native raw image editing and breakthrough speed aperture puts the most essential adjustment tools at your immediate disposal via either the adjustments inspector or the adjustments heads-up display (hud). using these tools you can fine-tune exposure use a histogram to check and adjust levels set white balance or modify highlight and shadows. if you need to crop straighten horizons reduce noise correct red-eye or eliminate dust you'll find intuitive tools available to you. in fact if you use any of the adjustment tools to modify or retouch an image you can use aperture's unique lift and stamp tool to apply those modifications to any number of additional images. versatile printing and publishing using aperture you can produce high-quality prints and contact sheets design customized books and create impressive websites as beautiful as the photographs you take. best of all you can do it all with drag-and-drop ease. produce high-quality prints and contact sheets design customized books and create impressive websites as beautiful as the photographs you take. once you select the profile for your printer you're ready to take advantage of an aperture feature you're going to use over and over again: softproofing onscreen in the live preview area of the application's robust and resizable print dialog. if the image you see isn't perfect fine-tune your output by making gamma adjustments or by turning on black-point compensation. if you've ever tried to print contact sheets using other photo applications you're probably familiar with the expression there's gotta be a better way. now there is. aperture lets you print contact sheets more quickly and easily than you can using just about any other photo application available today. there's more good aperture printing news. in addition to helping you create your own color-correct prints aperture also provides an integrated print-ordering service that lets you order silver-halide prints directly from kodak and fuji at highly competitive pricing. color managed for consistency the prints assure predictable results and are available in standard sizes and large formats. you can also depend on aperture's built-in color management if you use a service bureau to print your photos. aperture's export preset editor lets you simply select the icc profile recommended by or obtained from your service bureau from a drop-down menu. aperture embeds the profile in your files upon export so you'll know what to expect when you get the photos in the mail. beautiful color-accurate prints. presenting prospective clients with a handsome bound and printed stock book sends a powerful message. and aperture makes the production of such high-quality bound books both simple and affordable. to help you put a unique stamp on them aperture includes a sophisticated book-layout engine that offers significant design flexibility. need to publish your photos to the web fast? aperture's wysiwyg web publishing tools make it easy. view larger. want your website to be as beautiful as your photos? aperture makes it drag-and-drop easy. no need to learn html or to use cumbersome wizard-based page generators. aperture includes professionally designed gallery and journal templates to get you started. with the former you can create pages of thumbnail galleries; with the latter narrative-style web pages that mix photos with text and can include your own photos as custom headers. unlike other photo applications aperture templates aren't set in stone. using the web gallery template for example you can decide how many rows and columns of images appear on each page how large the thumbnails should be and what metadata should accompany the images. what's more -- and this is important -- aperture's web-authoring environment is wysiwyg. any change you make happens on screen in real time so you can see the effect right away. this offers a significant advantage over the many wizard-based applications that force you to step through one dialog after another. cumbersome to use they don't let you see the results of your changes until the very end. aperture offers a welcome change letting you see your site develop right before your eyes. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2562 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements macintosh macintosh computer with a powerpc g3 g4 g5 processor or intel processor 256mb of ram cd or dvd drive and hard disk drive mac os x 10.3.9 for powerpc-based macs or mac os x 10.4.5 for intel-based macs windows pentium ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 917 COL l_ltable.description VAL the most comprehensive edition of windows vista vista ultimate upgrade (dvd-rom) is the first operating system that combines all of the advanced infrastructure features of a business-focused operating system all of the management and efficiency features of a mobility-focused operating system and all of the digital entertainment features of a consumer-focused operating system. for the person who wants one operating system that is great for working from home working on the road and for entertainment windows vista ultimate is a no-compromise operating system that lets you have it all. windows sidebar gives you quick access to gadgets like picture slide shows windows media player controls or news headlines. you pick the gadgets you want to see in windows sidebar. view larger. use flip 3d to navigate through open windows using the scroll wheel on your mouse. view larger. compare windows vista editions. use instant search to quickly find the information you need. view larger. windows vista aero provides spectacular visual effects such as glass-like interface elements that you can see through. the redesigned windows media center in windows vista lets you enjoy your media throughout your home even on your xbox 360. view larger. update eligibility you can upgrade from your current edition of microsoft windows xp or windows 2000 (including windows xp professional windows xp home windows xp media center windows xp tablet pc windows xp professional x64 windows 2000) to a corresponding or better edition of windows vista by purchasing and installing this upgrade copy of windows vista. depending on which edition of windows you are running and the edition of windows vista you would like to install you have two options for the installation process: you can upgrade in-place which means you can install windows vista and retain your applications files and settings as they were in your previous edition of windows or you can do a clean install. if you are currently using windows 2000 professional or windows xp professional x64 you are eligible for an upgrade copy to a corresponding or better edition of windows vista but a clean install is required. for versions of windows earlier than windows 2000 upgrade copies are not available. these earlier versions of windows require you to install a full copy of windows vista. easier faster access to information windows vista ultimate features windows aero a new interface that delivers higher levels of efficiency for any business user. this easy-to-use interface makes it a snap to navigate through the operating system and from application to application. most importantly windows aero helps you juggle multiple tasks at once by providing a three-dimensional real-time animated view of all your open applications and documents. and for those businesses that do work in other countries windows vista ultimate supports all worldwide interface languages. breakthrough windows vista experience designed to help you feel confident in your ability to view find and organize information and to control your computing experience all editions of windows vista introduce a breakthrough user experience. the visual sophistication of windows vista helps streamline your computing experience by refining common window elements so you can better focus on the content on the screen rather than on how to access it. the desktop experience is more informative intuitive and helpful. and new tools bring better clarity to the information on your computer so you can see what your files contain without opening them find applications and files instantly navigate efficiently among open windows and use wizards and dialog boxes more confidently. work from home windows vista ultimate includes all of the features that make it easy to remotely connect to business networks. this means that when you're working from home you'll have advanced networking capabilities such as the ability to join a domain support for group policy and access to features such as remote desktop. windows vista ultimate also includes windows bitlocker drive encryption that provides improved levels of protection against theft for your important business data whether you are at home on the road or in the office. more entertainment options windows vista ultimate delivers all of the entertainment features available in windows vista home premium and includes everything you need to enjoy the latest in digital photography music movies analog tv or even hdtv. windows vista ultimate also has helpful tools such as windows photo gallery and windows movie maker to ensure that you have everything you need to collect manage and edit your digital content. it also includes windows media center for turning your pc into an all-in-one home entertainment center. versatile operation windows vista ultimate truly lives up to its name by delivering all of the features both business and home users want and need. it is the ideal solution for both a small-business owner who wants a single pc that he or she can use at the office on the road and at home and for someone who wants a home pc that will be used primarily for entertainment purposes but that can also be used for business purposes such as connecting to a corporate network. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2104 COL r_rtable.description VAL windows vista ultimate offers all of the features found in windows vista home premium including windows media center windows movie maker with high-definition support and windows dvd maker. it also offers all of the features found in windows vista ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1270 COL l_ltable.description VAL play against one of eight challenging computer opponents or take on your friends and family in four different game modes. play the way you remember in classic mode race against the clock in blitz climb to the top in a tournament or set up a custom tournament and play scrabble your way! play against a friend or a computer opponent with ai designed by real scrabble champions. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL destineer 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1055 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1119 COL l_ltable.description VAL prey is a groundbreaking first-person shooter that turns the genre upside-down with new gameplay features and next generation graphics. breaking the traditional first-person shooter format prey introduces innovative gameplay elements including wall-walking portals spirit-walking and gravity flipping which allows for insane eight player deathmatches. prey tells the story of tommy a cherokee garage mechanic stuck on a reservation and going nowhere. his life changes when an otherworldly crisis forces him to awaken spiritual powers from his long-forgotten birthright. abducted along with his people to a menacing mothership orbiting earth he sets out to save himself and his girlfriend and ultimately his planet. multiplayer ­ multiplayer games take complete advantage of the unique gameplay styles of prey as players walk on the ceilings and walls while the map¹s gravity flips from side to side note - may require advanced video processing capabilities on your mac computer COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1758 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 8 COL l_ltable.description VAL webexpress (win 95 98) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL ingram micro 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1758 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1193 COL l_ltable.description VAL adobe flash cs3 professional software is the most advanced authoring environment for creating rich interactive content for digital web and mobile platforms. create interactive websites rich media advertisements instructional media presentations games and more. depend on flash cs3 and adobe flash player to ensure your content reaches the widest possible audience. create rich interactive content for digital web and mobile platforms. the flash welcome screen gives you quick access to recent documents and also helps you get started with creating new files& 151;either from scratch or from existing samples or templates. no more running back to photoshop to make simple text edits. enjoy creative flexibility realize your creative vision with a full complement of drawing animation and interactive design tools. explore innovative styles and techniques impress your clients with more than they expected and deliver consistent results across multiple platforms. with flash cs3 professional the possibilities extend as far as your imagination. maximize development productivity leverage the power of a true development environment. utilize professional coding tools including code collapse commenting automatic syntax completion streamlined error resolution and more. the new actionscript 3.0 language supports a structured and intuitive workflow that saves time and facilitates exchange between designers and developers enabling individuals and teams to deliver predictable consistent results that meet or exceed the original vision. easily work with other adobe software now your favorite tools will play well together. enjoy timesaving integration with other adobe creative software including adobe premiere pro photoshop illustrator flex builder 2 after effects and soundbooth as well as adobe bridge the central hub of adobe creative suite 3. easily exchange designs assets and files between applications without compromising fidelity. extend your reach extend the reach of your work by creating content for adobe flash player the world's most pervasive software platform. flash player is installed on more than 700 million computers and devices worldwide including over 96% of internet-enabled desktops. by creating content with flash cs3 you can leverage your work not only to the internet but also to a wide range of mobile and consumer electronics devices. create content once and then deploy it to multiple platforms. audience benefit web and interactive content designers--adobe flash cs3 professional software offers a flexible advanced authoring environment for creating unique online experiences with the latest in technical innovations such as interactive video and high standards of usability and accessibility. flash cs3 makes it easy to design interactive experiences that convey your true creative vision and impress your clients. enjoy intelligent integration with other adobe creative software. instructional media designers--adobe flash cs3 professional software offers an intuitive flexible authoring environment for creating instructional media content that is easy to deploy to the widest possible audience via web and mobile devices. the advantages of flash cs3 include the ability to integrate audio and video seamless integration with related adobe software and optional integration with education tracking systems. graphic designers--adobe flash cs3 professional software enables experienced graphic designers to expand their creative repertoire to include interactive design without compromising efficiency or disrupting existing processes and workflows. use flash cs3 to build projects that impress clients with truly unique interactive engaging content that better enables them to meet their marketing or business goals. student designers--adobe flash cs3 professional software offers nearly limitless opportunity to student designers and developers who are interested in building careers using interactive design technology. flash cs3 integrates with and supports a broad spectrum of emerging technologies including ajax 3d animation online video and open source development. each day more and more creative professionals make flash cs3 their primary tool for building a creative reputation and advancing their career. video and motion graphics professionals--adobe flash cs3 professional software dramatically expands the creative options for video and motion graphics professionals without compromising efficiency or disrupting existing processes. create innovative videos films and animations with compelling creative and interactive effects and leverage them across media including broadcast tape web and mobile devices. leverage the advantages of flash player including small content file size; broad distribution; and rapid automatic updates. top reasons to buy adobe flash cs3 produce content for a wide range of mobile and consumer electronics devices. the emulator in adobe device central gives you a spectacular preview for how your content will appear on a mobile device. adobe photoshop and adobe illustrator import import photoshop (psd) and illustrator (ai) files while preserving layers and structure and then edit them in flash cs3. optimize and customize the files during import with advanced options. frame-based timeline quickly add motion to your creations with the easy-to-use highly controllable frame-based timeline inspired by traditional animation principles such as keyframing and tweening. shape primitives easily create pie wedges round off rectangle corners define an inner circle radius and do much more. visually adjust shape properties on the stage. and create custom shapes with the included javascript api. actionscript 3.0 development save time with the new actionscript 3.0 language featuring improved performance increased flexibility and more intuitive and structured development. the import video dialog box takes you through the necessary steps to encode and prepare the video for use in your flash project. flash video encoder is a separate standalone application that can save time by batch processing the encoding of video files for the necessary conversion to flv format. sophisticated video tools create edit and deploy streaming and progressive download flash video with comprehensive video support. ensure the best video experience with a standalone video encoder alpha channel support a high-quality video codec embedded cue points video import support quicktime import closed captioning and much more. mp3 audio support integrate audio into your projects by importing mp3 files. integration with adobe soundbooth makes it easy to edit files as needed without requiring audio production experience. rich drawing capabilities visually adjust shape properties on the stage with smart shape drawing tools create precise vector illustrations with the new pen tool inspired by adobe illustrator paste illustrations from illustrator cs3 into flash cs3 and more. extensible architecture leverage the flash application programming interfaces (apis) to easily develop extensions that add custom functionality. convert animation to actionscript instantly convert timeline animations into actionscript 3.0 code that can be easily edited reused and leveraged by developers. copy animations from one object to another. adobe device central design preview and test mobile device content including interactive adobe flash lite applications and interfaces using adobe device central now integrated throughout adobe creative suite 3. additional features powerful shape drawing manipulate vector shapes with powerful shape drawing tools. easily bend erase distort skew and combine vector shapes in a natural and intuitive way. skinnable video component use the video component to easily customize the look and feel of video projects without significantly increasing file size. the component works with multiple deployment options including streaming and progressive download. improved adobe software integration enjoy a smoother and more efficient workflow enabled by integration between adobe flash cs3 and related software including adobe premiere pro photoshop illustrator after effects and soundbooth as well as adobe bridge the central hub of adobe creative suite 3. pen tool create precise vector illustrations with the pen tool inspired by adobe illustrator and then manipulate bezier control points using illustrator keyboard shortcuts. adobe interface enjoy a new streamlined interface that emphasizes consistency with other adobe creative suite 3 applications and can be customized to improve workflow and maximize stage space. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 122 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: live color live trace live paint advanced typography user's manual... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 856 COL l_ltable.description VAL can you save the earth from a zany invasion of wacky birds? this outrageously entertaining game is sure to keep you in stitches! over 100 addictive fun-filled levels! the birds fly fast & furious - miss too many and youâll be left behind! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL selectsoft publishing 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 169 COL r_rtable.description VAL moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertaining farming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at the general store. every decision you make could determine whether you bring home the bacon or get put out ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 166 COL l_ltable.description VAL in simple slideshow you have everything you need to turn existing photographs in fantastic slideshow presentations! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2917 COL r_rtable.description VAL ilife 06 the must-have update to apples award-winning suite of digital lifestyle applications delivers major upgrades to iphoto imovie hd idvd and garageband plus more. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1314 COL l_ltable.description VAL first person shooter offers fast paced 2d and 3d action as you kill terrorists bent on destruction / esrb m mature (blood violence) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 239 COL r_rtable.description VAL enemy tanks have broken the lines and captured a city of strategic importance. your mission as an anti-tank cannon commander is to repel the occupiers and reclaim the city! the freedom of the city and all of its inhabitants depends on you! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 97 COL l_ltable.description VAL designed for small organizations and departmental use windows server 2003 standard edition delivers intelligent file and printer sharing secure internet connectivity centralized desktop policy management and web solutions that connect employees partners and customers. windows server 2003 standard edition provides high levels of dependability scalability and security. it takes the best of windows 2000 server technology and makes it easier to deploy manage and use. the result is a highly productive operating system that is secure reliable highly available and scalable. new technologies such as the common language runtime strengthen security to help safeguard networks from malicious or poorly designed code. in addition improvements to internet information services (iis) 6.0 public key infrastructure (pki) and kerberos make it easier to secure windows server 2003. new and improved file and print services in windows server 2003 standard edition also make storage and backup easier while significantly reducing the demands on system administrators. also file and print services are improved with the addition of the web-based distributed authoring and versioning (webdav) remote document sharing technology. enhancements to the distributed file system (dfs) and encrypting file system (efs) allow for powerful flexible file sharing and storage as well. networking improvements and new features in the windows server 2003 family extend the versatility manageability and dependability of network infrastructures. windows server 2003 makes it easier than ever for you to stay connected to their centralized systems from anywhere and on any device. microsoft has built significant networking enhancements in windows server 2003 including internet protocol version 6 (ipv6) point-to-point protocol over ethernet (ppoe) and internet protocol security (ipsec) over network address translation (nat). and with the optimized native support of microsoft .net and xml you get a platform to develop distribute and host xml web services created with .net. note: this is one additional windows server 2003 device cal. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 775 COL r_rtable.description VAL microsoft windows server 2003 client additional license for devices - 5 pack brand: microsoft mpn: 823930 variant name: microsoft windows server 2003 client additional license for devices - 5 pack COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 662 COL l_ltable.description VAL circus ponies-notebook 2.0 mac os COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL csdc 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2715 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: mac os x 10.3 or later powerpc g3 or g4 processsor and 256mb ram COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 855 COL l_ltable.description VAL click-popping frenzy!product informationthe pressure is on for you to pop the pieces before they fill up thescreen! how fast can you click and find those combos? incredible fast-pacedmind-popping fun! multiple game variations keep this classic fun fresh a COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL selectsoft publishing 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 26 COL r_rtable.description VAL the pressure is on for you to pop the pieces before they fill up the screen! incredible fast-paced mind-popping fun! multiple game variations keep this classic fun fresh and addicting to play! includes 12 ways to play 5 skill levels and much ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 90 COL l_ltable.description VAL a rich and intriguing adventure in a&nbsp; world where murders are committed according to ancestral mystic beliefs...where nothing will be the same again. product informationa frightening ritualistic murder has taken place in an upscale hotel COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1172 COL r_rtable.description VAL photostamps lets you turn your favorite photos into real us postage. now you can capture your special moments on real us postage. show off your family. highlight a special event. introduce a new arrival. give your pets the exposure they deserve. ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 609 COL l_ltable.description VAL macbackup protects your computer from disaster. the software quickly restores your computer to its original backed up state. a step-by-step wizard makes backup simple for savinf priceless digital photos music investment and any other personal information. macbackup allows you to easily backup to any recordable cd/dvd local or alternative hard drive network location or ftp site using compression methods to maximize your storage space. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL macware 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 609 COL r_rtable.description VAL race vehicles on courses you design! get ready for rugged racing on 4 different terrains - desert tundra jungle and the country. you can design and build the track - right down to wild obstacles for crashing. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1119 COL l_ltable.description VAL prey is a groundbreaking first-person shooter that turns the genre upside-down with new gameplay features and next generation graphics. breaking the traditional first-person shooter format prey introduces innovative gameplay elements including wall-walking portals spirit-walking and gravity flipping which allows for insane eight player deathmatches. prey tells the story of tommy a cherokee garage mechanic stuck on a reservation and going nowhere. his life changes when an otherworldly crisis forces him to awaken spiritual powers from his long-forgotten birthright. abducted along with his people to a menacing mothership orbiting earth he sets out to save himself and his girlfriend and ultimately his planet. multiplayer ­ multiplayer games take complete advantage of the unique gameplay styles of prey as players walk on the ceilings and walls while the map¹s gravity flips from side to side note - may require advanced video processing capabilities on your mac computer COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2486 COL r_rtable.description VAL minimum system requirements: operating system: mac os x 10.3.9 or later cpu processor: powerpc g5 or intel chipset cpu speed: 1.8 ghz memory: 512 mb or higher hard disk space: 2.5gb free disk space video card (ati): radeon 9600 video card (nvidia): ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 13 COL l_ltable.description VAL - marketing information: make your project information work for you! the who what and when of your projects are too important to leave to chance. with details your project information is centralized organized and always up-to-date. in an instant you can communicate project statuses with colleagues and clients with presentation-quality reports and customized forms. product information - software sub type: project management/version control - software name: details v.3.0 - complete product - features and benefits: - easy setup - quickstart templates - accurate reporting - custom forms - the report generator - timeline graphs - submittal logs - project logs - contact fields - hyperlinks - web graphics - calculation fields - work calendar - this pop-up console enables you to oversee and manage the import process when importing data from other applications and files - choice lists - column summaries - language support: english - platform support: pc license information - license type: complete product - license pricing: standard - license quantity: 1 user COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aec software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2130 COL r_rtable.description VAL timbuktu pro remote control software 10 lic for win COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL netopia 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1227 COL l_ltable.description VAL enter the wild rough and tumble world of westward where adventure and untold fortunes await you. explore a huge playing environment and move up to 20 different levels. use quick wits to complete tasks like building homes farms water wells and more to keep your settlers fed housed and employed. if they don't like their situation your settlers will go elsewhere and your town will collapse! look for gold mines watch out for theivin' bandits and engage in dramatic shoot-outs. control the destiny of the west as you build thriving towns explore uncharted plains and guide your settlers to safety and success. features: more than 10 playable main characters customize your town and support an ever-expanding population buy sell and trade a variety of resources evolving and ever-changing scenarios provide many hours of playing fun COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2282 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. release date: 04/01/2006 COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL navarre distribution services 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1245 COL l_ltable.description VAL tell your story with maximum impact using adobe premiere pro cs3 software the start-to-finish solution for efficient video production that now includes adobe encore cs3 and adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only) formerly the award-winning dv rack hd. save time from on-set capture using adobe onlocation through to output expand your creative options via integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop and deliver your content to dvd blu-ray disc the web and mobile devices. the powerful editing finishing and delivery tools in adobe premiere pro are now available on both mac and windows operating systems. maintain control of your media with multiple project panels customizable panel display settings and instant file searches. export adobe encore cs3 projects as dvd blu-ray disc or flash. when you export as flash encore generates html flv and swf files that provide dvd-style chapter selection playback and interactivity through the flash player. capture edit and deliver to video dvd and the web adobe premiere pro cs3 software available for both mac and windows streamlines the entire video production process from direct-to-disk recording through editing to final delivery for tape disc the web and mobile devices. adobe premiere pro cs3 redefines productivity and flexibility for capturing editing and delivering video content. video professionals want to concentrate on storytelling--not on the nuts and bolts of production--and adobe premiere pro cs3 frees you to focus on telling your story. maximize image quality and work faster during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 software (requires windows and boot camp for mac ) included with adobe premiere pro to calibrate cameras monitor video signals and record directly to disk--all during the shoot. edit every major video format from dv to hd and beyond with adobe premiere pro cs3. improve efficiency and creativity with new workflow and new visual effects features. save time and expand creative options through tight integration with other adobe software including adobe after effects cs3 and adobe photoshop cs3. adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you author once and then output to blu-ray disc dvd and flash swf for the web. adobe premiere pro supports additional delivery platforms including flash and mobile devices letting you reach the widest audience possible. audience benefit corporate and government video producers--adobe premiere pro cs3 provides the tools you need to ensure excellent production values while working quickly to stay on schedule. edit with precise control add stunning effects and move content smoothly to adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop for even more creative control. streamline the review process with adobe clip notes and output to multiple formats quickly and easily to reach more people everywhere. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you communicate with high-quality video and imagery even with tight budgets and looming deadlines. event videographers--small crews and tight deadlines mean you need to work fast even while clients demand higher and higher production values. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you capture events directly to disc with included adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only); work fast with precision editing tools including support for editing multicam shots; create compelling effects via tight integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop cs3; and use the included copy of adobe encore cs3 to deliver content however your clients need it whether on dvd blu-ray disc the web or mobile devices. independent filmmakers--your passion is storytelling. your challenge is finding the right software to handle every aspect of the production process and deliver hollywood-quality imagery. adobe premiere pro cs3 meets this need with a complete toolset for capturing footage direct-to-disc editing imagery and creating titles in post-production producing dvds and delivering web-ready content to promote your films on the internet. and with the included video workshop and training materials you'll have help through every stage of production. post-production boutiques--enjoy advanced editing tools as well as the uncompromised image quality and real-time performance you need in professional broadcast and film post-production. work with all major formats enjoy powerful effects and media management tools get unparalleled integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop software and increase efficiency with workflow enhancements such as adobe clip notes. with adobe premiere pro cs3 and adobe encore cs3 you can deliver your work in the format your client needs from adobe flash video through dvd and blu-ray disc to uncompressed hd. educators and students--adobe premiere pro cs3 offers a complete set of post-production tools that let you handle all aspects of filmmaking and post-production cost effectively from capturing and editing footage to creating titles dvds and promotional materials such as websites that feature video content. use flexible tools to express your creativity work with any file format on both windows and macintosh platforms and deliver your work across multiple media. what's new in adobe premiere pro cs3k dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. high-quality slow motion with time remapping create dramatic slow- and fast-motion effects without exporting clips to another application. with precise keyframe control real-time feedback and excellent quality from advanced frame blending you can slow things down without compromising quality. or generate even better in-between frames through pixel-motion analysis with the timewarp effect. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only) save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. adobe encore cs3 projects for the web with one click easily create adobe flash versions of your dvd and blu-ray disc projects for the web. use adobe encore cs3 to create flash content complete with dvd interactivity and menus without learning flash programming. multiple project windows with smart file search find files faster with search tools that instantly update their results list as you type. sort and organize assets into multiple project windows each with its own graphical or text view setting. display and handle media files making project management easier and more efficient. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. create stunning slow-motion and other retiming effects directly in the timeline by setting and moving time remapping keyframe markers. improve the look of your video with the three-way color corrector and the other precision color-correction tools in adobe premiere pro. improved editing efficiency work faster with powerful and flexible editing tools. play video with nested audio sequences in real time without rendering. replace any clip in the timeline with a new clip while preserving the replaced clip's editing attributes and settings. use shortcuts to switch between workspace panels and save time. output for mobile devices make your video viewable on the latest delivery platforms. encode video for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and simulate playback on those devices to check video quality. download profile updates to simulate the latest devices. flash video export with markers converted to cue points encode video and audio for flash projects and web playback with direct flash video (flv) export. adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline markers become flash cue points that trigger interactivity and navigation. create flash video with ease. improve efficiency and incorporate a tapeless workflow during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3* to monitor your camera's video signal and record it directly to a computer hard drive. the multi-camera window makes editing action recorded with several cameras or in multiple takes as easy as pointing and clicking. additional features efficient tools for creative editing create high-quality visual and editorial effects directly within the editing timeline. generate slow motion and other time-remapping effects with precise keyframe control and real-time feedback. add color correction lighting and other effects audio filters and more with fast flexible and built-in tools. edit footage from multicam shoots with ease and precision. comprehensive video format compatibility work with the formats you want. edit all standard- or high-definition formats from dv through hdv to hd and beyond (some formats may require additional hardware). broad range of supporting hardware and software for mac and windows choose from a wide range of mac and windows workstations and capture cards to build the editing system that exactly meets your needs and budget. enhance your system with additional plug-ins including many from adobe after effects software. dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. superior integration with other adobe applications make the leading still and motion graphics applications adobe photoshop and after effects part of an efficient post-production workflow. import and animate photoshop layers. automatically create photoshop files that match the current project's frame size and aspect ratio. drag and drop or copy and paste clips and timelines between adobe premiere pro cs3 and after effects cs3 professional. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only) save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. delivery to the web and mobile devices make your video viewable on today's and tomorrow's delivery platforms. export as adobe flash video (flv). easily convert dvd projects complete with menus to flash swf files for web playback. encode for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and emulate playback on those devices to check playback quality. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. multicam editing view multiple video tracks from a multiple-camera shoot easily sync via timecode and edit by switching between tracks in real time. rerecord sections of your edit make fine adjustments using all the standard timeline editing tools and easily adjust color correction across multiple shots even after editing. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. mac os x compatibility use adobe premiere pro cs3 on the latest intel based macintosh computers. aaf and edl import/export exchange project metadata with major video film and audio applications via industry-standard advanced authoring format (aaf) aaf with edit protocol and edit decision list (edl) files (aaf import/export for windows only). comprehensive vtr support control video decks through rs-422 and rs-232 serial protocols or firewire for precise batch capturing recapturing and insert editing. file management with adobe bridge work more efficiently by using adobe bridge cs3 to search for and access your project files preview and apply settings run batch processes and tag assets with xmp metadata. * for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires boot camp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows based computer. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 71 COL r_rtable.description VAL adobe premiere pro cs3 mac. make every frame count with adobe premiere pro software the essential tool for professional video editing. capture and edit virtually any format from dv to uncompressed hd and output to tape dvd and the web. providing ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 608 COL l_ltable.description VAL sharks terrors of the deep demonstrates the latest look and capabilities of this hot screensaver. dynamic backgrounds realistic movement and amazing animation are the latest enhancements brings the aquatic world to life. you'll swear you feel those massive tails brush you as they cruise by! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1055 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 392 COL l_ltable.description VAL instant immersion version 2.0 moves you from a beginner to an intermediate speaker with a 5 cd-rom course of study. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 154 COL r_rtable.description VAL topics entertainment instant immersion japanese 2.0 this 4 cd-rom suite immerses you in the learning process with cultural videos entertaining games and interactive dialogue with native speakers. windows & xp pc only COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 119 COL l_ltable.description VAL print shop 20 helps home artists expand their creative horizons and indulges their creative side! the complete creativity pakcage is here -- practically bursting with new tools nad options that help you create wonderful projects! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL broderbund 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 79 COL r_rtable.description VAL overview create professional projects with all the tools you need in one complete package! this powerful version of the print shop deluxe is loaded with all of your favorite features and even more valuable tools and programs than ever before. ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 164 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2499 COL r_rtable.description VAL all the important spelling skills your child needs taught in a fun style they'll love! / ages 5-9. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 741 COL l_ltable.description VAL the irispen express translator is the fastest and most accurate pen scanner on the market! it's been redesigned to be lighter more compact and more ergonomically correct. you hold it like a highlighter - just slide the pen over the printed text. the usb-powered scanning pen easily connects to your laptop or desktop company. with an accuracy rate of over 99% the irispen express is the perfect tool for home business or school! scans wavy and distorted images programmable pen buttons - easily assign keyboard commands to the 2 pen buttons (enter space tab cursor up etc.) idle mode reduces power consumption powered by usb port - no need for external power supply directly connect to a pc notebook pocket pc tablet pc and macintosh devices COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL iris 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1332 COL r_rtable.description VAL the irispen translator express has all of the features of the irispen express plus it instantly encodes scanned text into any windows application translates it to your chosen language and displays it into @prompt standart translation software. 6 ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1081 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony media software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 57 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. providing a seamless realtime workflow supporting all video acquisition ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 47 COL l_ltable.description VAL textbridge pro 11 is the simple and fast way to convert paper into editable electronic documents saving time and increasing productivity. new ocr engines deliver the most accurate textbridge results ever--even on complex pages with graphics and tables. a completely redesigned user interface and a new text editor make processing and proofing faster and more intuitive. textbridge pro 11 features improved accuracy resulting from redesigned recognition engines which saves proofreading time and makes users more productive. as always direct ocr is a feature that allows users to move text directly into microsoft word and other word processing documents but now tables and graphics will be retained as if the document was processed in omnipage pro. the new wysiwyg text editor is intuitive and easier to operate. in addition color text and color backgrounds are now recognized for accurate retention of color documents. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL nuance communications inc. 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 57 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. providing a seamless realtime workflow supporting all video acquisition ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 717 COL l_ltable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! product information ares rising is a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. a branching storyline allows you to chart various courses to success and to replay the game in many different ways. you take responsibility for making alliances purchasing equipment and ultimately tipping the balance of power. ares rising brings together the best strategy combat resource allocation and story telling elements to enable a degree of player freedom rarely achieved. product features multiplayer action with head-to-head and team death match modes. persistent characters allow you to build power reputation and prestige through multiple game sessions. a combination of dog-fighting and strategic combat where proper consideration of advanced tactics and technologies count as much as hot dog piloting. choose from a wide range of devastating tactical weapons including cloaks auto-turrets beam weapons nuclear warheads sensor drones and ship decoys to name a few. all ai pilots work in wingmen groups. employing squadron tactics and complex maneuvers will give you a distinct advantage. system requirements windows 95 98 me only (not xp compatible) pentium 133mhz processor windows 95 with directx 5.0 (included) 16mb of ram 150mb hard drive space 2x cd-rom drive directx certified sound and video card microsoft or 100% compatible mouse recommended requirments pentium 200mhz or higher or k6 3d 32mb of ram 200mb hard drive space 12x cd-rom drive d3d supporting video card with graphics acceleration digital audio compatible sound card joystick please note: the product you are viewing is an older version that is currently in demand and a valuabl COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL interplay 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 655 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. edius pro software can be upgraded to edius broadcast at any time. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL canopus/grass valley 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1279 COL l_ltable.description VAL final cut studio 2 upgrade from final cut studio delivers an integrated post-production solution that lets you move effortlessly from editing to color grading to creating motion graphics to sculpting audio to multiformat encoding and dvd authoring. this powerful new version features final cut pro 6 motion 3 soundtrack pro 2 compressor 3 dvd studio pro 4 and color the newest member of the suite. craft the perfect story using a tightly integrated and innovative suite of products created specifically for video editors. with xml to share project data and quicktime to seamlessly move media between systems final cut studio 2 can fit into virtually any production pipeline or newsroom. editing unleashed final cut studio 2 helps take you beyond mere editing. discover the intuitive power of new creative tools designed expressly for final cut pro editors. rapidly move through editing to motion graphics audio editing and mixing color grading and delivery--all as a natural extension of the work you already do. final cut studio 2 puts a powerful new version of final cut pro at the center of an integrated post-production workflow. final cut studio 2 includes final cut pro 6 motion 3 soundtrack pro 2 compressor 3 dvd studio pro 4 and color--a brand-new application for professional color grading. it's a final cut world independent filmmakers. hollywood film editors. corporate video and event producers. editors with hourly deadlines cutting broadcast spots or network news. hundreds of thousands of creative professionals all over the world have made final cut pro their first choice for editing. it has rapidly become an industry standard. building on this success apple has designed each application in final cut studio 2 with final cut pro editors in mind. start working quickly with intuitive tools and familiar interfaces. whenever you're ready for precise control a comprehensive set of features is just a click away. the editor's choice final cut studio 2 is fast fluid and flexible. use a laptop on location and a desktop in the studio. start with the tools you already use today and extend your reach when you're ready. final cut studio 2 has everything you need in a single product. edit. use final cut pro 6 for native editing of virtually any format--from dv and sd up to hdv xdcam hd dvcpro hd and fully uncompressed hd. or use prores 422 a new post-production format from apple that offers uncompressed hd quality at sd file sizes. drag clips with different formats and even different frame rates into the new open format timeline. animate. create stunning 2d and 3d motion graphics in real time with motion 3 the fastest and most intuitive way to animate and express your creative vision. just drag and drop to make dramatic particle effects explode into 3d space; form vector-based paint strokes with the swish of a pen. new motion master templates let you edit text and drop in video without leaving final cut pro. mix. record and edit dialogue add music and effects and complete your mix with ease. soundtrack pro 2 lets you work faster than ever in its new streamlined interface. you can even produce in surround sound using innovative visual tools. if you make changes to your edit in final cut pro you can rapidly update your audio mix with the powerful conform feature in soundtrack pro. grade. give your production a signature look or create a consistent feel for shots from different sources. color is the newest member of the final cut studio family offering professional color grading that can elevate the quality of any production. deliver. use compressor 3 to create pristine-quality output for a wide range of delivery formats--including the web ipod iphone apple tv and broadcast servers. a streamlined new interface lets you batch-process encoding with point-and-click ease. if film is your destination use cinema tools 4 to output film lists that combine timecode and keycode in a single list. or use dvd studio pro 4 for professional dvd authoring and mastering. post-production without walls final cut studio 2 is not just a product. it's a platform. open standards encourage innovation giving developers and partners the freedom to create custom solutions. with xml to share project data and quicktime to seamlessly move media between systems final cut studio 2 can fit into virtually any production pipeline or newsroom. whether you're working in a group of 2 or 200 final cut studio lets you collaborate with ease. share media seamlessly across multiple workstations with xsan. use final cut server--with or without xsan--for media asset management and workflow automation that is deeply integrated with final cut studio 2. whether you're cutting commercials editing feature films or pushing out the nightly news final cut server helps you work faster whenever you're working together. final cut pro 6one timeline. infinite possibilities. mix and match source material--both formats and frame rates--in real time using the new open format timeline in final cut pro 6. create exactly the look you want for your projects with the complete set of professional color grading and finishing tools in color. easily create sophisticated 3d environments with depth and realism--with the real-time 3d multiplane compositing tools in motion 3. fly through audio editing and mixing create immersive soundtracks and easily conform audio to video edits using the new streamlined interface in soundtrack pro 2. deliver your best work quickly and easily to virtually any format encoding hands-free on your local mac or across a network of connected mac systems with compressor 3. produce sophisticated fully interactive studio-quality dvd titles with drag-and-drop ease using dvd studio pro 4. the first choice of professional editors worldwide final cut pro 6 delivers high performance digital nonlinear editing native support for virtually any video format and facility-class extensibility and interoperability. its workflow extends through the other final cut studio applications and final cut server for even more power. whether you're working solo or collaborating with a team final cut pro gives you more creative options and technical control than ever before including: broad format support incredible real-time effects comprehensive editing tools expanded power as the hub of final cut studio open extensible architecture colorcolor grading is in the house. color grading involves more than color correction. just as different soundtracks can make a particular scene feel humorous romantic or menacing the look created by a color grade can radically alter the tone and mood of a sequence. color apple's new professional color grading application makes it easy for editors to create signature looks for projects ranging from short video pieces to full-length theatrical films. color offers the following key features: real-time professional color grading dramatic color effects cinema-quality signature looks final cut studio workflows motion 3now playing in 3d. motion 3 takes the complexity out of 3d by extending the 2d tools you already use. with its intuitive interface and rich toolset the only limit is your imagination. send particles exploding through space. swing cameras around an object with breathtaking ease. squiggle a vector-based paint stroke in 3d through the cosmos. motion 3 lets you create 3d motion graphics with drag-and-drop ease startling performance and unprecedented color fidelity. this powerful upgrade to apple's award-winning motion graphics software features: an intuitive real-time design environment flexible animation tools 3d motion graphics done right breathtaking filters and effects numerous time-saving features soundtrack pro 2the next wave in audio post. soundtrack pro 2 offers unprecedented convenience and power to editors. fly through audio editing and mixing with a new streamlined interface that combines the multitrack timeline and waveform editor in a single view. easily create immersive soundtracks with innovative surround sound tools. automatically conform your audio edit to changes made in your video edit. with its familiar interface and intuitive tools soundtrack pro is the final cut pro of audio post-production. key features of soundtrack pro 2 include: streamlined multitrack interface professional editing and dialogue tools intuitive surround sound automatic audio conform process intelligent workflows compressor 3create once. debut everywhere. with increasing demand for media distribution in multiple formats--ranging from hd broadcast to an ipod screen--it's more important than ever to be able to output files efficiently while keeping quality high. the streamlined interface of compressor 3 lets you quickly configure batch processes for encoding to a wide range of industry standard formats. or create format and standards conversions at pristine quality through sophisticated optical flow technology. for the ultimate high-speed workflow set up distributed encoding over a shared-media network powered by xsan. key features of compressor 3 include: streamlined encoding workflow industry-standard encoding support pristine format conversions distributed encoding dvd studio pro 4simply powerful dvd authoring. dvd studio pro 4 makes it easy to extend your creative vision to every aspect of dvd authoring. whether your project is simple or sophisticated you'll enjoy using familiar easy-to-use tools to produce the perfect presentation of your sd or hd content. a comprehensive set of advanced features is available whenever you want more control. key features of dvd studio pro 4 include: intuitive design environment professional authoring tools versatile dvd mastering post-production workgroups collaborate with a small team of editors in a boutique post-production facility. or build a custom workfl ow for a global news network. whether you're sharing a small number of media assets over a lan or supporting hundreds of editors on a san final cut studio makes it easy for everyone to work together. shared media assets small workgroups can share media over a lan or wan by copying assets from a shared volume to a local workstation. for a scalable high-performance shared storage solution final cut studio editors can collaborate over a fibre channel storage area network (san) powered by xsan. with xsan every editor on a project has concurrent access to source media files and never needs to transfer assets between workstations. each mac system accesses shared files on the san as if the storage were directly attached. xsan can support hundreds of concurrent clients and can easily be expanded to provide more storage capacity and bandwidth as your needs grow. asset management and workflow automation meet final cut server apple's powerful new media asset management and workflow automation software. final cut server takes the headache out of managing large collections of media files then extends to tracking job status managing reviews and approvals and automating complex sequences of tasks--all with apple's legendary ease of use and all in a single product designed to work seamlessly with final cut studio. final cut server combines server software designed to run on mac os x with a cross-platform client that runs on either macintosh or windows-based computers. collaborate over a lan or wan with a small number of users or leverage the power of xsan to share media across a large number of workstations. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3085 COL r_rtable.description VAL final cut studio 2. system requirements. minimum requirements to install all final cut studio applications a macintosh computer with a 1.25ghz or faster powerpc g4 powerpc g5 intel core duo or intel xeon processor 1gb of ram an agp or pci express ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 393 COL l_ltable.description VAL obscure takes the survival-horror gaming you love and sets it in a teenage horror film. tortured screams echo through leafmore high's deserted corridors. faceless creatures lurk in the shadows. five teenagers set out to bring light into the darkness - and experience a night that will scar their souls forever. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1243 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 866 COL l_ltable.description VAL quicken premier 2007 contains everything in quicken basic and deluxe -- plus tools to monitor your net worth optimize your investments and save on taxes. get the help you need to invest plan and prosper in minutes. track your accounts and investments (stocks bonds mutual funds iras and more) all in one place. download credit card banking and brokerage transactions - quicken works with over 3 500 financial institutions. compare your investment performance to the market indexes and get alerts on tax-saving opportunities to improve after-tax returns. plus you'll explore more tax-efficient investments; and make tax time easier with schedule a b and d tax reports. maximize earnings and minimize tax impact to prepare for college tuition a new home retirement and more COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL intuit 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1031 COL r_rtable.description VAL quicken 2004 basic helps you balance your checkbook pay your bills and track your spending. here are three easy steps to start organizing your finances: balance your checkbook and pay bills get started with quicken guided setup. it asks for your ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 642 COL l_ltable.description VAL media made easy vol. 3 is your front-row ticket to enjoying the best of today's entertainment! powerful and easy to use it contains 8 full programs from some of the biggest names in entertainment software: roxio pinnacle steinberg & more. create record edit remix capture and restore -- media made easy vol. 3 does it all. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL gen-x 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2764 COL r_rtable.description VAL this is the best collection of media based products on the market. create edit record remix restore capture burn present. media made easy does it all. powerful and easy to use media made easy contains 8 full programs from some of the biggest ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 778 COL l_ltable.description VAL math success 2007 deluxe COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2938 COL r_rtable.description VAL covers 13 subjects and includes 8 cd-roms ages 10 & up grades 4-12 includes addition subtraction multiplication division and forty-nine pre-algebra topics including fractions and decimals ratios and proportions radicals the metric system and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 429 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL imagination international corp 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 636 COL r_rtable.description VAL as addictive as it is exciting luxor provides hours of action-puzzle excitement as you journey through 88 mind-blowing levels in your quest to save egypt. enjoy a totally addictive action-puzzle adventure! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 89 COL l_ltable.description VAL webobjects 5.2 gives developers a comprehensive suite of tools and frameworks to quickly develop standards-based web services and java server applications. powerful data access page generation and session management capabilities extend the reach of your developers and reduces the cost of ownership. deliver your j2ee-compatible solutions on time and on budget! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2943 COL r_rtable.description VAL boostxp by allume - maximum pc performance! now anyone can keep their computer in peak condition! boost performance protect your pc clean-up clutter customize your pc. key benefits boost performance the most thorough way to tune-up your pc. improve ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 178 COL l_ltable.description VAL brand new sealed full retail boxed edition. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1243 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1260 COL l_ltable.description VAL sound forge 9 is the industry standard for editing and production. create and edit stereo and multichannel audio files with speed and precision in the studio or in the field. the latest version is a complete audio production suite -- cd design effects processing and mastering tools. a host of new features will gives you total control of your audio - from multichannel audio recording and editing to dolby digital ac-3 encoding. acclaimed for its power stability and intuitive interface it's the fastest way to get from raw audio to finished master. automated time-based recording audio restoration tools spectrum analysis tools noise reduction 2.0 plug-ins drag and drop editing between channels hardware meters with output gain control phase and mono-compatibility meters multichannel-capable spectrum analysis disc-at-once cd burning batch processing and scripting; wave hammer mastering tools; acoustic mirror plug-ins dolby digital ac-3 support hardware meters with output gain control directx plug-in fx automation link to sony music studios internet mastering (sim) works with vista COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3141 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: simple to use import photos rate favorite photos many edit options share photos show me how tutorials ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1234 COL l_ltable.description VAL defcon: global thermonuclear domination gives you the chance to manage a scenario faced in the leading generals' worst nightmare: total nuclear war. the third world war is starting and you'll manage it from a single screen. you'll attempt to destroy your enemy through all-out nuclear war while stopping them from destroying you. each side has key cities and installations and up to six superpowers can compete at the same time on the same map. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1176 COL r_rtable.description VAL summitsoft wedding fonts offers a collection of hand selected fonts ranging from fancy and decorative to traditional and refined. take your pick of fonts for all types of wedding stationary such as invitations rsvps thank you cards place settings ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1356 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL emedia 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 239 COL r_rtable.description VAL enemy tanks have broken the lines and captured a city of strategic importance. your mission as an anti-tank cannon commander is to repel the occupiers and reclaim the city! the freedom of the city and all of its inhabitants depends on you! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 926 COL l_ltable.description VAL microsoft office visio standard 2007 makes it easy for it and business professionals to visualize explore and communicate complex information. this software transforms complicated text and tables that are hard to understand to visio diagrams that communicate information at a glance. instead of static pictures you can create data-connected visio diagrams that display data are easy to refresh and dramatically increase your productivity. use the wide variety of available diagrams to understand act on and share information about organizational systems resources and processes throughout your enterprise. put simply visio diagrams maximize the impact of important business information in ways words and numbers alone never could. using office visio 2007 create professional-looking diagrams that communicate a wealth of information you can share with a broad audience. view larger. two stand-alone editions visio 2007 is available in two stand-alone editions: office visio professional and office visio standard. visio standard 2007 has the same basic functionality as visio professional 2007 and includes a subset of its features and templates. visio professional 2007 offers advanced functionality such as data connectivity and visualization features that visio standard 2007 does not. quickly find and use new templates visio 2007 includes specific tools to support the diverse diagramming needs of it and business professionals and lets you create a broader range of diagrams with new templates such as the itil (information technology infrastructure library) template and the value stream mapping template. use the predefined microsoft smartshapes symbols and powerful search capabilities to locate the right shape whether it is saved on a computer or on the web. you can also save time by quickly accessing templates you use often. in the new getting started window find the template you need by browsing simplified template categories and using large template previews. locate the templates you used recently by using the new recent templates view in the getting started window. use the wide range of diagram types in office visio 2007 to better understand complex processes resources and systems. view larger. get inspired by sample diagrams if you're not sure how to best display your important data visio 2007 can help by making it easy to find new sample diagrams. simply open the new getting started window and use the new samples category. view sample diagrams that are integrated with data to get ideas for creating your own diagrams to realize how data provides more context for many diagram types and to determine which template you want to use. display data attractively in diagrams the data graphics feature lets you display data attractively in diagrams and you can choose from a number of data formatting options. with a single click display data fields as callouts next to a shape position fields in boxes below a shape and place fields of data directly on top or to the side of a shape. you also have the option of easily refreshing data in diagrams thanks to the new refresh data feature. if data conflicts arise easily resolve them by using the refresh conflicts task pane. using office visio professional 2007 visually explore data by using diagrams to identify issues and exceptions. view larger. connect shapes without drawing connectors you don't have to be a professional graphic designer to build interesting diagrams--visio 2007 gives you the tools to connect shapes without drawing connectors. the new autoconnect functionality connects shapes distributes them evenly and aligns them for you--all with only one click. in fact when you move the connected shapes they stay connected and the connectors automatically reroute between the shapes. identify trends and issues one of the benefits of creating diagrams is that you can more readily identify trends and issues and then act on them. first you might choose to make your diagrams even smarter by linking them to data to provide a more complete picture of a process project or system. then it's a snap to visually explore information to identify key trends issues and exceptions and then act on them. finally you can analyze drill down into and create multiple views of business data to gain insight into it. thanks to all these options visio standard 2007 gives you the power to revolutionize the way you present information to colleagues and clients which can positively affect productivity and your bottom line. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1158 COL r_rtable.description VAL microsoft project standard 2007 helps you manage projects and to address the work and people management needs of your organization. it gives you ways to plan manage and communicate project information resulting in increased productivity and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 593 COL l_ltable.description VAL unparalleled primary school content from arithmeticto zoology! grades 1 - 6product informationintroducing elementary school success deluxe the leading-edge suite of softwaretools for the personal computer. providing all elementary students with&nbsp; a COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 130 COL r_rtable.description VAL a 15 cd-rom package! covering 27 subjects for high school level students. it covers literature composition grammar; algebra i & ii geometry and trigonometry; biology astronomy chemistry and physics; spanish french german italian japanese ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 999 COL l_ltable.description VAL welcome to the funny farm!product information>moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertainingfarming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at thegeneral store. protect your sheep from wild wolves by keeping them COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL casual arcade 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 169 COL r_rtable.description VAL moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertaining farming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at the general store. every decision you make could determine whether you bring home the bacon or get put out ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 566 COL l_ltable.description VAL x-zoom movies on psp is the first commercial video & dvd software for the sony psp. it enables you to quickly convert your dvds or movie files into a format your psp can read and understand. get the best possible picture and audio quality for 10 different input formats: dvd (s)vcd divx avi wmv real mpeg and quicktime. over 10 presets make conversion easy and the fit-to-stick technology resizes movie files to your memory stick size. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL x-oom 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2282 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. release date: 04/01/2006 COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL navarre distribution services 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 888 COL l_ltable.description VAL montage 1.0 is the only screenwriting software exclusively developed for mac os x. it melds a simple user interface with powerful and intuitive features -- providing the best possible writing experience. montage makes it easy to create edit and manage screenplays on your macintosh. using it you can import final draft documents use pre-formatted templates for film tv radio and theater. montage guides the first time screenwriter or the seasoned veteran from start to finish. once your masterpiece is complete you can send your query synopsis and scripts to hundreds of included industry contacts through montage's integration with apple's address book. montage backs up any and all activity within the product native support for cocoa universal and accessible smart views allow writers to visually filter the script to the desired content based on criteria COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL mariner software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1850 COL r_rtable.description VAL mobile find plus 411 directory search delivers fast easy wireless access to residential and business listings maps and driving directions for your pocket pc palm(tm) or wireless phone - when and where you need it. find phone numbers and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 393 COL l_ltable.description VAL obscure takes the survival-horror gaming you love and sets it in a teenage horror film. tortured screams echo through leafmore high's deserted corridors. faceless creatures lurk in the shadows. five teenagers set out to bring light into the darkness - and experience a night that will scar their souls forever. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1055 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 763 COL l_ltable.description VAL elementary school advantage& 153; 2007 was specially developed to supplement classroom curriculum by including award-winning content that support state testing standards. in-depth lessons with sample problems and questions teach reinforce and track student progress in the core subjects.over 1 000 lessons and exercises in: math english science social studies foreign languages typing advantage - 1 selling education solution! contains award-winning content that supports state testing standards supplements elementary school curriculum adapts to different learning styles & levels tracks progress with quizzes & tests easy to use & understand COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 384 COL r_rtable.description VAL elementary school advantage 2007 delivers the most award-winning content aligned with classroom curriculum. get the best results with six core subjects 300+ lessons 3200+ exercises and more! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 601 COL l_ltable.description VAL garageband jam pack: world music lets you assemble intriguing musical compositions from 300 apple loops from nearly every corner of the globe. rare and exotic instruments from asia africa the middle east india europe the united kingdom south and central america cuba and jamaica are all at your fingertips. over 3000 apple loops and 40 software instruments add exotic flavor to your garageband compositions or add creative flair to projects in imovie idvd and iphoto. this is an auxiliary pack for owners of garageband (or logic express 7 or logic pro) software COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2559 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements requires garageband (installed with ilife '04 or '05)* logic express 7 or logic pro 7. soundtrack supports loops only in jam packs. macintosh computer with g3 600mhz processor or higher to use apple loops (g4 or g5 required for ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1314 COL l_ltable.description VAL first person shooter offers fast paced 2d and 3d action as you kill terrorists bent on destruction / esrb m mature (blood violence) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1055 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1307 COL l_ltable.description VAL if you enjoy 'sudoku' then you will go crazy for 'buku kakuro'! generate millions of logic games with the click of your mouse and decipher puzzles that vary in size and complexity. use the 'hint' function to display possible moves 'undo' to backtrack as needed and 'solve' to display answers one by one until the game is complete. a 'pen & pencil' option even lets you distinguish unsure versus certain moves! themes include tastes of the orient exotic shores and serene vista. create and solve any kakuro puzzle -- even those found online and in newspapers! you can even save and print any kakuro. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topware interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1243 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 486 COL l_ltable.description VAL evergirl is an action adventure title for young ladies who are out to find themselves. they'll take charge of four teenagers as they try to find their place in the world based on their personalities. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL thq 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 382 COL r_rtable.description VAL you've watched the excitement of er now experience it firsthand! as the new er intern at chicago's county general hospital your career starts out easily enough as you treat a manageable number of patients sporting minor cuts and bruises. however ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1235 COL l_ltable.description VAL after a troubled tropical trip and a wild winter retreat super granny is faced with her most ambitious adventure yet! granny's precious kitties are in an old-world theme park and she must rescue them before they get snatched by her enemies! 5 worlds and 200 levels of mayhem keep you entertained with new puzzles challenging dexterity stunts and beastly enemies. granny is tougher than ever as she wields her frying pan speeds in her super sneakers and floats on her umbrella to save her kitties.features new dangerous enemies to avoid plenty of tongue in cheek humor all-new level editor for endless possibilities COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2781 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: operating system: mac os x 10.3.9 or later cpu processor: powerpc g4/g5 or intel chipset cpu speed: 1.67 ghz or faster memory: 512 mb or higher hard disk space: 3.0 gb free disk space video card (ati): radeon 9600 video card ( ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1356 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL emedia 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 827 COL r_rtable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 863 COL l_ltable.description VAL logic express 7.2 gives you the ability to take full advantage of the next generation of mac computers. songwriters can produce impressive demo songs by incorporating audio recordings sample-based sounds and virtual instruments entirely on the computer. enjoy enhanced support for prominent thrid-party products as well as project compatibility with garageband 3. logic express 7.2 also provides support for stereo rewire objects and now clearly labels the incoming rewire streams to reflect the source application. logic express 7.2 allows you to play back aac and apple lossless files directly with no need for conversion. this feature ensures project compatibility with garageband 3 and offers great sonic quality with the convenience of smaller file sizes. support for up to 12 input and output audio channels 27 software instruments including garageband instruments es1 efm1 esm esp and ese synthesizers 40 effect plug-ins including guitar amp preset multipressor platinumverb compressor bitcrusher autofilter phaser and more save/load channel strip instrument and plug-in configurations advanced midi sequencing more than 300 definable key and midi commands 90 recallable screen configurations with interactive edit windows setup assistant for easy system configuration fast offline bouncing of single or multiple tracks tempo signature transpose and video tracks support for apple loops (more than 1 000 apple loops included) audio units plug-in support garageband song file import open tl file import aac and mp3 import and export full integration with reason live and other rewire-compatible applications system requirements - macintosh computer with an intel or powerpc g4 or g5 processor 512mb of ram mac os x v10.4.3 or later 6gb of available hard drive space dvd drive for software installation low-latency multi-i/o audio hardware and midi interface recommended COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple computer 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 300 COL r_rtable.description VAL top reasons to get logic express 7.2 universal compatibility: logic express 7.2 is a universal application which means it's designed to run natively on both intel- and powerpc-based macs. stay compatible as apple continues to deliver new ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 164 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1189 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 566 COL l_ltable.description VAL x-zoom movies on psp is the first commercial video & dvd software for the sony psp. it enables you to quickly convert your dvds or movie files into a format your psp can read and understand. get the best possible picture and audio quality for 10 different input formats: dvd (s)vcd divx avi wmv real mpeg and quicktime. over 10 presets make conversion easy and the fit-to-stick technology resizes movie files to your memory stick size. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL x-oom 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1462 COL r_rtable.description VAL overview the leader in typing tutorial software for 10 years running mavis beacon teaches typing 16 delivers the customized training you need in a motivating engaging format. work at your own pace with lesson content that keeps you interested. ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 923 COL l_ltable.description VAL microsoft outlook 2007 is a comprehensive time and information manager for your busy digital life. you'll never have problems with personal information again. take control of the tools you need to prioritize organize and search. schedule and block off time to follow up on items manage your daily priorities and use windows sharepoint services technology to manage every aspect of your digital life more effectively. manage your shared information and content in one interface through sharepoint services -- documents calendars contacts tasks and other information are easier than ever to handle stay safe from junk mail and phishing web sites - the improved junk e-mail filter and has added new features that disable links and warn you about threatening content within an e-mail message color-code your information for easier organization -- it's a simple visual way to distinguish items from one another manage all your blogs to rss feeds directly through outlook 2007 new attachment preview helps you see your office outlook 2007 attachments with one click directly in the reading pane saving you time and effort COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 639 COL r_rtable.description VAL microsoft word 2007 helps you build professional-looking documents with ease. its new editing and layout tools and streamlined user interface mean you will spend more time writing and less time formatting documents. there is a wider choice of ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 920 COL l_ltable.description VAL analyze share and manage information more effectively with microsoft office excel 2007 the latest version of the most widely-used spreadsheet tool. featuring new spreadsheets that hold more data than ever before this software gives you the freedom to import organize and explore massive data sets quickly and easily and the advanced analysis tools help you make the right decisions for any situation. whether you need to create a table or write a formula excel 2007's new user interface keeps things simple and straightforward. quick table formatting and a completely redesigned charting engine that will help you better communicate your analysis in stunning charts. view larger. user-friendly operation excel 2007 helps reduce the time and frustration of learning new software with menus and commands that present the right tools when you need them. the improved help system provides tooltips and links to relevant information in microsoft office system programs or on the internet when connected. get started easily by using online tutorials with step-by-step instructions or by using some of the new out-of-the-box templates. keep your documents and sensitive information safe and secure by detecting and remove unwanted comments hidden text or personally identifiable information in your documents using the document inspector. use the data connection library to import external information and then explore this data with office excel 2007 view larger. office excel 2007 helps you analyze information by improving pivottable view creation and conditional formatting and providing full support for sql server 2005 analysis services. view larger. with the new user interface you can immediately view the most important cell-editing formatting and navigation tools. view larger. powerful productivity tools excel 2007's new results-oriented user interface to make powerful productivity tools easily accessible. it also offers more room for you to work in and delivers faster performance. based on the job you need to accomplish whether it is creating a table or writing a formula excel 2007 presents the appropriate commands to you within the new user interface. versatile options for optimum results excel 2007 gives you the option of displaying a spreadsheet dynamically as html for easier online access and excel services users can navigate sort filter input parameters and interact with pivottable views--all within a web browser. you can also publish business-critical spreadsheets to office sharepoint server 2007 and set controls over which users can view and modify spreadsheets on the server. if you want to build a custom report from an online analytical processing (olap) database the data connection library makes it a snap to connect to external sources of data. increased spreadsheet row and column capacity excel 2007 offers an increased spreadsheet row and column capacity of one million rows by 16 000 columns that enables you to import and work with massive amounts of data and achieve faster calculation performance with support for dual or multicore processors. quickly format cells and tables exactly as you want them by using cell styles and table styles galleries. tables also include autofilters while column headers stay in view when you scroll through the data so you can keep better manage data. for added convenience autofilters populate and expand any table automatically. formula authoring options to help streamline the formula authoring process excel 2007 offers a resizable formula bar and context-based formula autocomplete. you can also refer to named ranges and tables within formulas and functions. office excel 2007 and excel services provide the means to share and interact with spreadsheets in a web browser. view larger. professional-looking charts excel 2007 helps you create professional-looking charts with dramatic visual effects in just a few clicks quick table formatting and a completely redesigned charting engine that will help you better communicate your analysis. by using predefined chart layouts and chart styles or manually formatting each component (such as axes titles and other chart labels) you'll save time and increase productivity. and to make sure your charts really stand out take advantage of stunning effects such as 3-d soft shadowing and anti-aliasing to help identify key data trends and create more compelling graphical summaries. page layout view lets you see exactly how your spreadsheet will print and direct visual feedback where the page will truncate gives you the help you need to properly adjust page margins. for seamless interaction between different software applications the excel charting engine is consistent in the 2007 versions of word and powerpoint. improved spreadsheet analysis new data analysis and visualization tools help you analyze information spot trends and access your company information more easily. use conditional formatting with rich data visualization schemes to discover and illustrate important trends and highlight exceptions in your data with colored gradients (heat maps) data bars and icons. when it comes to sorting and filtering two of the most important types of basic analysis that you can do with data excel 2007 offers new tools such as multiselect in autofilters sort or filter by color and quick filters for specific data types. you can also create a pivottable or pivotchart view more easily by using data fields to reorient data quickly to summarize and find the answers you need--simply drag the fields to where you want them to display. additionally full support for microsoft sql server 2005 analysis services enables you to query your most current business data. new excel xml format reduce the file sizes of spreadsheets and improve their interoperability with other data sources by using the new excel xml format. this option enables a more efficient exchange of information and helps keep your business running smoothly. share spreadsheets and business information excel 2007 makes sharing spreadsheets and business information easier than ever before thanks to integration with excel services and the new excel xml format. excel services renders an excel spreadsheet as html so others can access the information within a web browser. other options include creating business dashboards from spreadsheets to share within a portal and tracking the key performance indicators of your business using browser-based dashboards that can be created from excel spreadsheets excel web access and office sharepoint server 2007. you can also enjoy the flexibility of saving files as xps or pdf (with the installation of an add-in) for easier sharing. effectively manage sensitive information excel 2007 and excel services enable you to manage and control spreadsheets on a server to help protect important business information and ensure that people are working with the most current data. centrally manage sensitive information by publishing spreadsheets to sharepoint server 2007. this both helps ensure that the members of your organization are working with the most current business information and prevents the spread of multiple versions of the same file. for added peace of mind you can protect confidential business information while helping to ensure people can view the data they need with report management features. using office sharepoint server 2007 your organization's it staff can set up and manage data connection libraries that enable people to more safely connect to external data sources without assistance. for added flexibility you can also use the excel services web services application programming interface (api) to integrate server calculation of excel files into other applications. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1222 COL r_rtable.description VAL microsoft excel 2007 is a powerful tool to create and format spreadsheets and analyze and share information. it offers a new improved user interface to let you easily create and format spreadsheets and charts in fewer clicks.this new version of ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 999 COL l_ltable.description VAL welcome to the funny farm!product information>moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertainingfarming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at thegeneral store. protect your sheep from wild wolves by keeping them COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL casual arcade 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1613 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: mac os x v10.3.9 or later 1ghz g4/g4/intel mac 256 mb ram 1 gb hd space 32 mb vram internet connection (for net play) COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1270 COL l_ltable.description VAL play against one of eight challenging computer opponents or take on your friends and family in four different game modes. play the way you remember in classic mode race against the clock in blitz climb to the top in a tournament or set up a custom tournament and play scrabble your way! play against a friend or a computer opponent with ai designed by real scrabble champions. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL destineer 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 383 COL r_rtable.description VAL startopia takes gamers to a once thriving galactic network of starships space stations and planets left lifeless with redundant scars of the apocalypse. as stationmaster your mission is to rebuild the abandoned space stations reunite the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 960 COL l_ltable.description VAL encore fate - arrive in the fabled forest town of grove and travel to the outskirts where the old wood meets the dungeon gate. past this iron-clad gate you will determine your destiny and build providence. get tips from townspeople to acquire power with unique weaponry and magic spells. your faithful companion (a cat or jack russell terrier) defends you against monsters that lurk within dark dangerous corridors. within these mysterious walls you'll find infinite adventure and perhaps fortune and glory. take the dare ...test your worth ...and determine your fate! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1022 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 90 COL l_ltable.description VAL a rich and intriguing adventure in a&nbsp; world where murders are committed according to ancestral mystic beliefs...where nothing will be the same again. product informationa frightening ritualistic murder has taken place in an upscale hotel COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2836 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 731 COL l_ltable.description VAL the sims complete collection includes the sims and all seven expansion packs -- all in one convenient package. an entire world of sims awaits your quirky command. it's your neighborhood they're your sims and whether they prosper or perish is completely up to you! with the sims - unleashed you'll add a furry friend to your sims family. housebreak your pets train them to do tricks buy them toys and do your best to keep them from destroying the house! the sims - superstar lets you experience the lifestyles of the rich and famous and guide your sims to superstardom. become a movie star rocker or supermodel and spend your cash on extravagant new items for your home. in the sims - makin' magic you'll cast spells hypnotize friends and even turn a neighbor into a frog. but watch out spells can go haywire if you're not careful. the neighborhood will never be the same! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 57 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. providing a seamless realtime workflow supporting all video acquisition ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 886 COL l_ltable.description VAL state standards grade 6 has everything you need to help your child succeed. in one package you'll help your son or daughter understand state tests and get passing grades on them. diagnose problem areas improve results and print out progress-monitoring reports. covers everything a child is expected to know when at the 6th grade level. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 81 COL r_rtable.description VAL state standards is everything you need to understand state tests and help your child succeed all in one place! diagnose problem areas improve results and print out progress-monitoring reports. create your own tests to target essential mathematics ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1227 COL l_ltable.description VAL enter the wild rough and tumble world of westward where adventure and untold fortunes await you. explore a huge playing environment and move up to 20 different levels. use quick wits to complete tasks like building homes farms water wells and more to keep your settlers fed housed and employed. if they don't like their situation your settlers will go elsewhere and your town will collapse! look for gold mines watch out for theivin' bandits and engage in dramatic shoot-outs. control the destiny of the west as you build thriving towns explore uncharted plains and guide your settlers to safety and success. features: more than 10 playable main characters customize your town and support an ever-expanding population buy sell and trade a variety of resources evolving and ever-changing scenarios provide many hours of playing fun COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 619 COL r_rtable.description VAL minimum: macintosh computer with 800mhz g4/g5 or faster processor mac os x v10.2.8 or higher 256mb ram 32mb agp video card (geforce 2mx/ati 7500 or better) 1.4gb hard disk space internet or lan connection required for online play. recommended: 1ghz ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 123 COL l_ltable.description VAL cuteftp is an easy way to transfer files between your pc and remote computers. whether publishing a web page downloading the latest digital images music and software or transferring large files between your home and office cuteftp will get the job done. cuteftp's user-friendly interface conforms to microsoft windows xp and runs on microsoft's latest operating system. cuteftp streamlines your ftp transfers with faster startups quicker connections to ftp servers and improved site navigation logic. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL tri synergy 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1104 COL r_rtable.description VAL macbackup makes computer backup quick and easy! backup wizards are categorized to instantly backup everything on your computer or only your photos music and movies. easily store backups to virtually any kind of media: cd dvd zip disks network ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 341 COL l_ltable.description VAL features four activities that will help children master spelling using word recall and differentiation techniques. plus it helps enhance a child's vocabulary and language development skills. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL learning company 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 361 COL r_rtable.description VAL features four activities that will help children master spelling using word recall and differentiation techniques. plus it helps enhance a child's vocabulary and language development skills. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 609 COL l_ltable.description VAL macbackup protects your computer from disaster. the software quickly restores your computer to its original backed up state. a step-by-step wizard makes backup simple for savinf priceless digital photos music investment and any other personal information. macbackup allows you to easily backup to any recordable cd/dvd local or alternative hard drive network location or ftp site using compression methods to maximize your storage space. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL macware 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2891 COL r_rtable.description VAL professional and impressive!imprinted with your business name and address!guaranteed compatible with your quickbooks(r) and quickbooks for windows(r) software.neat and clean. no carbon to touch. runs easily and smoothly through your printer without ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 542 COL l_ltable.description VAL mavis beacon teaches typing 17 deluxe brings back the classic typing tutorial. let mavis beacon monitor your typing skills as you complete the wide range of lessons and exercises included here. the software monitors your progress flagging your weak spots and offering challenging lessons to help you improve your keyboard skills. download lessons to your palm pilot for easy portable practice sessions straighten up your keyboarding skills -- correct your posture and physical alignment with ergonomic evaluation videos includes bonus software - perfect and update your résumé with the print shop resume pro for pc COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 755 COL r_rtable.description VAL overview the leader in typing tutorial software for 11 years running mavis beacon teaches typing v.17 is the only typing software delivering the customized training you need in a motivating engaging format. work at your own pace with lesson ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 164 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1172 COL r_rtable.description VAL photostamps lets you turn your favorite photos into real us postage. now you can capture your special moments on real us postage. show off your family. highlight a special event. introduce a new arrival. give your pets the exposure they deserve. ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1168 COL l_ltable.description VAL note: this is the upgrade version of adobe illustrator cs3. adobe illustrator cs3 upgrade software allows you to efficiently create sophisticated vector artwork for virtually any medium. access tools quickly and easily explore color variations and share files seamlessly between illustrator and other adobe professional applications as you prepare content for print web and interactive and mobile and motion designs. efficiently create sophisticated vector artwork for virtually any medium. explore new paths with the essential vector tool produce vector artwork for all types of media using adobe illustrator cs3. discover dynamic new ways to explore apply and control color variations; work faster with new drawing tools and controls; and increase your efficiency using new document profiles and the crop area tool. take your graphics to the printed page websites video mobile devices and virtually everywhere you want to go. see for yourself how illustrator cs3 lets you explore new paths. use powerful precise creative tools quickly explore multiple design options with the powerful precise creative features in illustrator cs3. industry-standard drawing tools new color controls and a wealth of powerful effects enable greater creative productivity and the ability to easily experiment. use new live color to explore color harmonies and interactively apply color to any selection of objects. work faster by controlling path editing and point alignment in the control panel. and enhance your artwork with professional typography and transparent effects. work quickly and intuitively efficiently execute your ideas in illustrator cs3. with easier access to tools and options flexible and customizable workspaces and a wealth of timesaving features and shortcuts you can speed through design and production tasks. the enhanced control panel frees up screen space and puts more options at your fingertips while new document profiles provide a launch pad for video and other designs. whatever your final output destination you can create your artwork quickly and easily in illustrator cs3. enjoy tight integration streamline your design workflows by moving easily between illustrator cs3 and other adobe applications. leverage robust integration with adobe flash software for your web animations and preview mobile artwork in adobe device central cs3. use your vector designs as the basis of dvd menus titles and visual effects by moving them easily between illustrator and adobe motion and effects applications. and create reliable adobe pdf files with multiple pages and layers intact for high-quality printed output. audience benefit graphic designers--adobe illustrator cs3 software lets you create compelling vector graphics that remain sharp as you scale edit and output them to virtually any medium. instantly convert bitmaps to vector artwork paint intuitively explore color variations design with advanced typographic control and easily find the tools you need. rely on industry-standard drawing tools and tight integration with adobe photoshop cs3 adobe flash cs3 professional adobe indesign cs3 and other favorite applications to quickly realize your ideas. web and interactive designers--adobe illustrator cs3 software gives you the power to create compelling interactive vector graphics for rich online experiences. tight integration with adobe photoshop cs3 and adobe flash cs3 professional software enables you to easily design layouts and comps using industry-standard creative tools and then smoothly move files between applications for efficient authoring workflows to produce vector graphics that look sharp remain editable and go virtually anywhere. motion graphics and visual effects designers--adobe illustrator cs3 software delivers the tools you need to produce innovative motion graphics and visual effects. integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional adobe premiere pro cs3 and adobe encore cs3 software means you can use small efficient vector files as the foundation for your designs and a wealth of industry-standard drawing tools let you explore creative possibilities with ease. whether you create dvd menus or music videos station identities or special effects illustrator cs3 is an affordable efficient and powerful post-production tool. new in adobe illustrator cs3 live color explore apply and control color variations using live color which lets you select any artwork and interactively edit the colors to see results immediately. use the color guide panel to quickly choose tints shades or harmonious color combinations. adobe flash integration import native adobe illustrator files into flash cs3 professional or copy and paste artwork from illustrator to flash with paths anchor points gradients clipping masks and symbols intact. layers groups and object names are also preserved. drawing tools and controls draw in illustrator more quickly and fluidly than ever. easier and more flexible anchor point selection improved operating performance and a new eraser tool help you create artwork efficiently and intuitively. improved operating performance enjoy more responsive drawing and editing with improved performance in key operations including faster screen redraw object moving panning scaling and transformations. control panel discover more options faster and free up screen space by accessing anchor point controls clipping masks envelope distortions and more from the context-sensitive control panel. eraser tool quickly remove areas of artwork with the eraser tool as easily as you erase pixels in photoshop and enjoy complete control over the width shape and smoothness of the erasure. new document profiles create artwork easily by selecting prebuilt profiles for various types of media and save custom profiles that specify such setup parameters as artboard dimensions styles and color spaces. crop area tool define crop areas interactively for print or export. choose preset web ratios or video formats with safe areas and set crop marks intuitively. define multiple crop areas and easily move between them as needed. isolation mode edit objects in a group without disturbing other parts of your artwork. easily select hard-to-find objects without having to restack lock or hide layers. symbols for flash use symbols to animate repeated objects while keeping file sizes small. define and name symbol object attributes and preserve these properties when you take the artwork to flash cs3 professional for further editing. additional features live trace quickly and accurately convert photos scans or other bitmap images to editable and scalable vector paths using live trace. integration with adobe design applications speed your way through graphic designs and print production thanks to tight integration with adobe photoshop indesign and acrobat software. live paint easily paint any closed or partially closed area of your artwork with the live paint bucket which automatically detects and corrects gaps and lets you interactively select colors from a swatch palette for faster work. advanced typography easily create and control type with over 100 opentype fonts paragraph and character styles paragraph composition underline and strikethrough transparent effects and more. custom workspaces work more efficiently using custom workspaces that display only the panels you need for a specific task. save share or access any workspace at any time or use workspace presets. adobe pdf file creation tools create native adobe pdf files including multipage pdf files so clients and others can easily review your artwork using adobe acrobat or free adobe reader software. web and interactive tools easily create for the web and mobile devices using vector-based slicing tools robust integration with flash new document profiles for web and mobile designs the capability to preview mobile content in adobe device central and more. new document profiles for web and mobile devices select profiles for web or mobile devices that include prebuilt proportional crops symbols and more. save custom profiles for your projects and clients. save for web/mobile easily export using the save for web/mobile dialog box which lets you choose from html swf gif and jpeg formats along with color count compression file size mobile output and more. adobe device central cs3 create rich graphic content for mobile devices by using adobe device central cs3 to open a specific new document profile and then preview output using the save for web/mobile dialog box. integration with adobe motion and effects tools use your adobe illustrator artwork in adobe after effects projects adobe premiere pro video productions and adobe encore projects to create dvd titles animations effects and more. live color for motion and effects use live color to explore apply and control color variations for effects. quickly change colors in your artwork and automatically see the update in adobe after effects or adobe premiere pro software. new document profiles for motion and effects select prebuilt profiles that include video color profiles pixel aspect ratios transparency grids and aperture settings. save profiles with custom parameters. crop area tool for motion and effectsuse the crop area tool to define working areas on your artboard that are specific to your video aperture complete with safe-area guides. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2568 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 512mb ram (1gb recommended) 2.5gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card dvd-rom drive ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 418 COL l_ltable.description VAL learn and play the blues clues way! settle into circle time at blues preschool! its time for an exciting neighborhood adventure with blue and your friends from blues clues including the new host - joe! blues teacher miss marigold has a whole checklist of places around the neighborhood to visit the grocery present and music stores the bakery and the library to show that learning does not stop outside of school! each place has something special for blue and you to bring back to circle time! you can learn core preschool skills at every turn as you play blues preschool!use listening memory and sequencing skills to help blue play back purple kangaroos tune at the music store. 3 adjustable levels to challenge your child kids can learn age-appropriate preschool skills and concepts such as: colors & shapes spatial & size relationships letters and early literacy numbers and early math skills auditory skills patience system requirements for windows windows 98/me/xp pentium ii 233 mhz or higher processor 32 mb ram (64 mb ram for xp) 60 mb free hard disk space for minimum install 8x speed or faster cd-rom drive 4 mb windows 98/me/xp-compatible svga video card* windows 98/me/xp-compatible sound card* directx version 8.1 (included) or higher mouse * indicates device should be compatible with directx version 8.1 or higher.system requirements for macintosh mac os 8.6 or higher 233 mhz g3 or higher processor 32 mb ram 60 mb free hard disk space for minimum install 24x speed or faster cd-rom drive 2 mb video card mouse COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL humongous entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 253 COL r_rtable.description VAL it?s time for an exciting neighborhood adventure with blue and your friends from blue?s clues including the host ? joe! blue?s teacher miss marigold has a whole checklist of places for you to visit ? the grocery present and music stores the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 840 COL l_ltable.description VAL snap! kakuro (win 98 me xp) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2324 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. because the iriscard pro is a twain scanner you can also digitize your 4x6 pictures much COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1227 COL l_ltable.description VAL enter the wild rough and tumble world of westward where adventure and untold fortunes await you. explore a huge playing environment and move up to 20 different levels. use quick wits to complete tasks like building homes farms water wells and more to keep your settlers fed housed and employed. if they don't like their situation your settlers will go elsewhere and your town will collapse! look for gold mines watch out for theivin' bandits and engage in dramatic shoot-outs. control the destiny of the west as you build thriving towns explore uncharted plains and guide your settlers to safety and success. features: more than 10 playable main characters customize your town and support an ever-expanding population buy sell and trade a variety of resources evolving and ever-changing scenarios provide many hours of playing fun COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 827 COL r_rtable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1245 COL l_ltable.description VAL tell your story with maximum impact using adobe premiere pro cs3 software the start-to-finish solution for efficient video production that now includes adobe encore cs3 and adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only) formerly the award-winning dv rack hd. save time from on-set capture using adobe onlocation through to output expand your creative options via integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop and deliver your content to dvd blu-ray disc the web and mobile devices. the powerful editing finishing and delivery tools in adobe premiere pro are now available on both mac and windows operating systems. maintain control of your media with multiple project panels customizable panel display settings and instant file searches. export adobe encore cs3 projects as dvd blu-ray disc or flash. when you export as flash encore generates html flv and swf files that provide dvd-style chapter selection playback and interactivity through the flash player. capture edit and deliver to video dvd and the web adobe premiere pro cs3 software available for both mac and windows streamlines the entire video production process from direct-to-disk recording through editing to final delivery for tape disc the web and mobile devices. adobe premiere pro cs3 redefines productivity and flexibility for capturing editing and delivering video content. video professionals want to concentrate on storytelling--not on the nuts and bolts of production--and adobe premiere pro cs3 frees you to focus on telling your story. maximize image quality and work faster during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 software (requires windows and boot camp for mac ) included with adobe premiere pro to calibrate cameras monitor video signals and record directly to disk--all during the shoot. edit every major video format from dv to hd and beyond with adobe premiere pro cs3. improve efficiency and creativity with new workflow and new visual effects features. save time and expand creative options through tight integration with other adobe software including adobe after effects cs3 and adobe photoshop cs3. adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you author once and then output to blu-ray disc dvd and flash swf for the web. adobe premiere pro supports additional delivery platforms including flash and mobile devices letting you reach the widest audience possible. audience benefit corporate and government video producers--adobe premiere pro cs3 provides the tools you need to ensure excellent production values while working quickly to stay on schedule. edit with precise control add stunning effects and move content smoothly to adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop for even more creative control. streamline the review process with adobe clip notes and output to multiple formats quickly and easily to reach more people everywhere. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you communicate with high-quality video and imagery even with tight budgets and looming deadlines. event videographers--small crews and tight deadlines mean you need to work fast even while clients demand higher and higher production values. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you capture events directly to disc with included adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only); work fast with precision editing tools including support for editing multicam shots; create compelling effects via tight integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop cs3; and use the included copy of adobe encore cs3 to deliver content however your clients need it whether on dvd blu-ray disc the web or mobile devices. independent filmmakers--your passion is storytelling. your challenge is finding the right software to handle every aspect of the production process and deliver hollywood-quality imagery. adobe premiere pro cs3 meets this need with a complete toolset for capturing footage direct-to-disc editing imagery and creating titles in post-production producing dvds and delivering web-ready content to promote your films on the internet. and with the included video workshop and training materials you'll have help through every stage of production. post-production boutiques--enjoy advanced editing tools as well as the uncompromised image quality and real-time performance you need in professional broadcast and film post-production. work with all major formats enjoy powerful effects and media management tools get unparalleled integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop software and increase efficiency with workflow enhancements such as adobe clip notes. with adobe premiere pro cs3 and adobe encore cs3 you can deliver your work in the format your client needs from adobe flash video through dvd and blu-ray disc to uncompressed hd. educators and students--adobe premiere pro cs3 offers a complete set of post-production tools that let you handle all aspects of filmmaking and post-production cost effectively from capturing and editing footage to creating titles dvds and promotional materials such as websites that feature video content. use flexible tools to express your creativity work with any file format on both windows and macintosh platforms and deliver your work across multiple media. what's new in adobe premiere pro cs3k dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. high-quality slow motion with time remapping create dramatic slow- and fast-motion effects without exporting clips to another application. with precise keyframe control real-time feedback and excellent quality from advanced frame blending you can slow things down without compromising quality. or generate even better in-between frames through pixel-motion analysis with the timewarp effect. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only) save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. adobe encore cs3 projects for the web with one click easily create adobe flash versions of your dvd and blu-ray disc projects for the web. use adobe encore cs3 to create flash content complete with dvd interactivity and menus without learning flash programming. multiple project windows with smart file search find files faster with search tools that instantly update their results list as you type. sort and organize assets into multiple project windows each with its own graphical or text view setting. display and handle media files making project management easier and more efficient. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. create stunning slow-motion and other retiming effects directly in the timeline by setting and moving time remapping keyframe markers. improve the look of your video with the three-way color corrector and the other precision color-correction tools in adobe premiere pro. improved editing efficiency work faster with powerful and flexible editing tools. play video with nested audio sequences in real time without rendering. replace any clip in the timeline with a new clip while preserving the replaced clip's editing attributes and settings. use shortcuts to switch between workspace panels and save time. output for mobile devices make your video viewable on the latest delivery platforms. encode video for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and simulate playback on those devices to check video quality. download profile updates to simulate the latest devices. flash video export with markers converted to cue points encode video and audio for flash projects and web playback with direct flash video (flv) export. adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline markers become flash cue points that trigger interactivity and navigation. create flash video with ease. improve efficiency and incorporate a tapeless workflow during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3* to monitor your camera's video signal and record it directly to a computer hard drive. the multi-camera window makes editing action recorded with several cameras or in multiple takes as easy as pointing and clicking. additional features efficient tools for creative editing create high-quality visual and editorial effects directly within the editing timeline. generate slow motion and other time-remapping effects with precise keyframe control and real-time feedback. add color correction lighting and other effects audio filters and more with fast flexible and built-in tools. edit footage from multicam shoots with ease and precision. comprehensive video format compatibility work with the formats you want. edit all standard- or high-definition formats from dv through hdv to hd and beyond (some formats may require additional hardware). broad range of supporting hardware and software for mac and windows choose from a wide range of mac and windows workstations and capture cards to build the editing system that exactly meets your needs and budget. enhance your system with additional plug-ins including many from adobe after effects software. dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. superior integration with other adobe applications make the leading still and motion graphics applications adobe photoshop and after effects part of an efficient post-production workflow. import and animate photoshop layers. automatically create photoshop files that match the current project's frame size and aspect ratio. drag and drop or copy and paste clips and timelines between adobe premiere pro cs3 and after effects cs3 professional. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only) save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. delivery to the web and mobile devices make your video viewable on today's and tomorrow's delivery platforms. export as adobe flash video (flv). easily convert dvd projects complete with menus to flash swf files for web playback. encode for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and emulate playback on those devices to check playback quality. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. multicam editing view multiple video tracks from a multiple-camera shoot easily sync via timecode and edit by switching between tracks in real time. rerecord sections of your edit make fine adjustments using all the standard timeline editing tools and easily adjust color correction across multiple shots even after editing. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. mac os x compatibility use adobe premiere pro cs3 on the latest intel based macintosh computers. aaf and edl import/export exchange project metadata with major video film and audio applications via industry-standard advanced authoring format (aaf) aaf with edit protocol and edit decision list (edl) files (aaf import/export for windows only). comprehensive vtr support control video decks through rs-422 and rs-232 serial protocols or firewire for precise batch capturing recapturing and insert editing. file management with adobe bridge work more efficiently by using adobe bridge cs3 to search for and access your project files preview and apply settings run batch processes and tag assets with xmp metadata. * for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires boot camp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows based computer. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3166 COL r_rtable.description VAL multicore intel® processor (adobe® onlocation? cs3 is a windows application that may be used on macintosh using boot camp and windows sold separately) mac os x v.10.4.9 1gb of ram for dv; 2gb of ram for hdv and hd 10gb of available hard-disk space ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 312 COL l_ltable.description VAL acrobat 7.0 professional is the advanced way to create control and deliver more secure high-quality pdf documents. assemble electronic or paper files - even web sites engineering drawings and e-mail - into reliable pdfs that are easy to share with others using free adobe reader 7.0 software. enjoy improved performance as you quickly convert collect and organize adobe pdf documents. extend comment capabilities for more active participation in reviews improved attachment capabilities - attach spreadsheets multimedia files images and drawings to an adobe pdf document protect sensitive and confidential documents inside and outside the firewall online and offline use password protection to restrict access to documents with 128-bit encryption set document permissions and restrict which pdf documents can be printed or changed sign electronic documents using digital signatures COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2688 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements 1ghz or faster powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 512mb ram (1gb recommended) 2.5gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 778 COL l_ltable.description VAL math success 2007 deluxe COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1119 COL r_rtable.description VAL ideal for young students at all learning levels math success deluxe 2007 provides students with a diverse and fundamental course of study. build confidence and essential skills in 13 subjects with over 350 activities and more than 2000 exercises ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1139 COL l_ltable.description VAL based on the famous milton bradley board game a classic for over a century is here for play on your pc. the game was originally created in 1861 by milton bradley as the checkered game of life. the goal is to proceed through life earning money raising a family and ageing gracefully. but beware the pitfalls and many obstacles that you encounter. such is life! the classic board game has been reformatted for for an enhanced experience on your pc - desktop or notebook. everyone will enjoy the game of life. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 125 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements * macintosh computer with a powerpc g4 powerpc g5 or intel core processor; 733mhz or faster for idvd * 256mb of ram 512mb recommended * mac os x v10.3.9 or v10.4.3 or later; v10.4.4 recommended * itunes 6.0.2 and quicktime ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1331 COL l_ltable.description VAL art text is an application to create high quality textual graphics headings logos icons web banners and buttons. the program implements the latest mac os x technologies which allow you to easily modify any texts and vector shapes into a fancy graphic. use the result with iwork microsoft office belight applications and other programs. create more compelling business presentations brochures flyers postcards business cards and web sites with the program. pre-designed styles shapes icon art images shading materials and other advanced visual effects make art text a powerful and intuitive program which is a great example of delivering mac os x technologies to everyone. not only professionals but anyone who wants to make his text work look attractive will find a use for the program. apply shadow and glow effects ability to combine text with background image bend text using 22 adjustable vector transformation shapes or bezier splines ability to export into a file or clipboard in tiff jpeg pdf png or other formats system requirements - mac os x 10.4 or later COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL belight software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 936 COL r_rtable.description VAL engage the starcraft universe face-to-face as a deadly ghost operative in the employ of the dominion. with the help of determined allies follow story-driven missions that take you from massive planetary battles through dangerous solo operations to ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 397 COL l_ltable.description VAL with apple's garageband jam pack 3: rhythm section you'll create beats that sound like they'll be international hits. work with an impressive array of drum kits percussion basses guitars and other essential instruments. build unique tracks with loops for rock blues jazz and country songs. fo undation elements include more than 1000 loops of drum beats and fills and 1000 more bass lines guitar and keyboard riffs and chord progressions. from modern rock beats to country shuffles to pop grooves from around the world jam pack 3: rhythm section gives you core elements to help construct your songs. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 238 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements requires garageband (installed with ilife '04 or '05)* logic express 7 or logic pro 7. soundtrack supports loops only in jam packs. macintosh computer with g3 600mhz processor or higher to use apple loops (g4 or g5 required for ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 608 COL l_ltable.description VAL sharks terrors of the deep demonstrates the latest look and capabilities of this hot screensaver. dynamic backgrounds realistic movement and amazing animation are the latest enhancements brings the aquatic world to life. you'll swear you feel those massive tails brush you as they cruise by! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1243 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 70 COL l_ltable.description VAL wasp fontware is a powerful bar code utility that seamlessly integrates truetype fonts with your favorite business software and database applications. wasp bar code fonts are compatible with all windows applications including the most common word processors and spreadsheets. easily create bar codes simply by using a font. generating bar codes has never been easier! wasp fontware professional+ package includes additional add-ins for word excel access and crystal reports. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL informatics 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2324 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. because the iriscard pro is a twain scanner you can also digitize your 4x6 pictures much COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 208 COL l_ltable.description VAL powerpoint 2004 offers you the powerful advanced new tools needed for fantastic presentations. whether it's for business academic or personal needs you'll design dynamic and visual presentations that stand out and get noticed. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 162 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: gather and organize notes search efficiently work more effectively synchronize info ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 25 COL l_ltable.description VAL startopia takes gamers to a once-thriving galactic network of starships space stations and planets left lifeless with redundant scars of the apocalypse. you will lead the way in rebuilding the network of space stations that once served the commerce and communication of the old empire--reuniting the surviving alien peoples under one banner. startopia gives you the opportunity to rebuild and successfully maintain a series of giant torus (donut) space stations scattered across the galaxy. they will provide a suitable home for the many alien races that inhabit space and perhaps turn a tidy profit for you in the process. of course there are plenty of other enterprising individuals out there with the same goals not to mention there are many hazards that exist in deep space. a number of different life forms and organizations are developing competing stations and it will only be a matter of time before you'll need to confront your opponents. will you use economic or military means to force out your opponents? you decide. startopia features nine primary character races each with a unique look and function. each inhabitant is an individual character with unique moods desires personal histories and humorous character animations. it's a fully functioning alien society with racial animosity and friendships crime and punishment leisure and entertainment and a functioning economy. the unique torus play area gives a viewpoint never before seen in a game. the bio-deck has an editable landscape and a manageable ecosystem allowing you complete control of terraforming. multiplayer support for up to three other stationmasters and simple and intuitive command of security forces can conflict with other players or defend your station against alien threats. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL eidos interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3141 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: simple to use import photos rate favorite photos many edit options share photos show me how tutorials ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 70 COL l_ltable.description VAL wasp fontware is a powerful bar code utility that seamlessly integrates truetype fonts with your favorite business software and database applications. wasp bar code fonts are compatible with all windows applications including the most common word processors and spreadsheets. easily create bar codes simply by using a font. generating bar codes has never been easier! wasp fontware professional+ package includes additional add-ins for word excel access and crystal reports. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL informatics 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2486 COL r_rtable.description VAL minimum system requirements: operating system: mac os x 10.3.9 or later cpu processor: powerpc g5 or intel chipset cpu speed: 1.8 ghz memory: 512 mb or higher hard disk space: 2.5gb free disk space video card (ati): radeon 9600 video card (nvidia): ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 392 COL l_ltable.description VAL instant immersion version 2.0 moves you from a beginner to an intermediate speaker with a 5 cd-rom course of study. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 8 COL r_rtable.description VAL topics entertainment instant immersion italian 2.0 this 5 cd-rom suite immerses you in the learning process with cultural videos entertaining games and interactive lessons with native speakers windows/mac COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 181 COL l_ltable.description VAL the big mix - it's the all-in-one tool for home musicians of any skill level. turn your home recording into studio-quality sound and make music like never before. whether you're created orchestral pieces or hypnotic dance tracks you'll find everything you need here! spark le is real processing for people who want pristine sounds from their home audio -- features tools like tempo delay a one-band eq with selectable notch low pass high pass parametric types of equalization & more COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aladdin 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 441 COL r_rtable.description VAL the big mix by allume systems for mac play it. mix it. rock it. unleash your talent. become the next superstar or the hottest dj. the big mix delivers the goods. this collection will let you rock the world or just listen to the music. so let the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 486 COL l_ltable.description VAL evergirl is an action adventure title for young ladies who are out to find themselves. they'll take charge of four teenagers as they try to find their place in the world based on their personalities. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL thq 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 619 COL r_rtable.description VAL minimum: macintosh computer with 800mhz g4/g5 or faster processor mac os x v10.2.8 or higher 256mb ram 32mb agp video card (geforce 2mx/ati 7500 or better) 1.4gb hard disk space internet or lan connection required for online play. recommended: 1ghz ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 8 COL l_ltable.description VAL webexpress (win 95 98) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL ingram micro 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 57 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. providing a seamless realtime workflow supporting all video acquisition ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1271 COL l_ltable.description VAL mediarecover gives you the ability to recover files you were positively convinced were gone forever - even if you've deleted them. losing memories of vacations and fun times is bad enough but losing important business files can threaten your livelihood. you owe it to yourself to be prepared. mediarecover's 3-step recovery process ensures you can access your photos music and files when you need to! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aladdin systems 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2486 COL r_rtable.description VAL minimum system requirements: operating system: mac os x 10.3.9 or later cpu processor: powerpc g5 or intel chipset cpu speed: 1.8 ghz memory: 512 mb or higher hard disk space: 2.5gb free disk space video card (ati): radeon 9600 video card (nvidia): ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 566 COL l_ltable.description VAL x-zoom movies on psp is the first commercial video & dvd software for the sony psp. it enables you to quickly convert your dvds or movie files into a format your psp can read and understand. get the best possible picture and audio quality for 10 different input formats: dvd (s)vcd divx avi wmv real mpeg and quicktime. over 10 presets make conversion easy and the fit-to-stick technology resizes movie files to your memory stick size. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL x-oom 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2943 COL r_rtable.description VAL boostxp by allume - maximum pc performance! now anyone can keep their computer in peak condition! boost performance protect your pc clean-up clutter customize your pc. key benefits boost performance the most thorough way to tune-up your pc. improve ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 999 COL l_ltable.description VAL welcome to the funny farm!product information>moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertainingfarming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at thegeneral store. protect your sheep from wild wolves by keeping them COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL casual arcade 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 451 COL r_rtable.description VAL professional and impressive!imprinted with your business name and address!guaranteed compatible with your quickbooks(r) and quickbooks for windows(r) software.neat and clean. no carbon to touch. runs easily and smoothly through your printer without ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 608 COL l_ltable.description VAL sharks terrors of the deep demonstrates the latest look and capabilities of this hot screensaver. dynamic backgrounds realistic movement and amazing animation are the latest enhancements brings the aquatic world to life. you'll swear you feel those massive tails brush you as they cruise by! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 97 COL r_rtable.description VAL un-chain your mind with chainz a challenging puzzle game of colorful logic. rotate links to form chains of matching colors. set up chain reactions and incorporate bonus links for big rewards. you can play at your own pace or try and beat the clock! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1313 COL l_ltable.description VAL hop q*bert around the board while avoiding coily ugg wrongway slick and sam! look out for coily he'll chase q*bert all around the board. change the color of the cubes to complete each round. based on the 80's arcade phenomenon q*bert 2005 offers 50 different board shapes and level after level of hopping-mad fun! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1163 COL r_rtable.description VAL professional and impressive!imprinted with your business name and address!guaranteed compatible with your quickbooks(r) and quickbooks for windows(r) software.neat and clean. no carbon to touch. runs easily and smoothly through your printer without ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 182 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 57 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. providing a seamless realtime workflow supporting all video acquisition ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 906 COL l_ltable.description VAL know how much money you're making. be organized at tax time. quickbooks simple start 2007 helps you track sales and expenses as you go simplifying your bookkeeping. simple start isn't someone else's idea of how you'd like your business to run--it's your idea. we listened to hundreds of small business owners talk about their difficulties desires and peeves. you'll see what we mean as soon as you try it. from the simple desktop to the familiar forms and helpful guidance everything works just the way you want it to. see what simple start can do for you (requires flash). simple start is so easy to use you don't need a thick manual--just a quick start card that tells you how to get started in three easy steps. you'll be up and running in three easy steps: insert the cd into your cd drive answer three easy questions to customize simple start for your needs start working. answer 3 easy questions and you're up and running in 15 minutes. view larger. checks invoices and sales receipts simple start's onscreen forms are a lot like the ones you use in your business every day. the moment you see them you'll know how to use them. simple start lets you create and track all the documents and forms you need to run your business efficiently but it doesn't overwhelm you with tools you won't use and shouldn't have to pay for. track sales expenses and customers in one place simple start makes it easy to track the money coming in and the money going out of your business. stop digging through piles of paper switching applications or searching through files to find the information you need. simple start organizes customers and vendors...your sales estimates and invoices...your receipts deposits checks and expenses...all together in one place. with simple start you can easily create professional-looking estimates invoices and sales receipts just by entering information into simple forms. no more toggling back and forth between spreadsheets and a word processor to create bills and track them. to save you even more time you can easily turn an estimate into an invoice or an invoice into a payment. track sales expenses and customers in one place. view larger. know exactly where your business stands. view larger. make tax time a snap when all of your information is organized. view larger. tired of rustling through check registers and credit card statements to see where your money is going? use simple start to write checks and track your expenses. every time you pay a bill simple start keeps your records up-to-date so you'll know where you stand. everything you need to accept credit transactions is in simple start. there's no need to buy additional hardware or software. credit card sales are automatically processed as you enter them in simple start so all your financial information is organized in one place. make tax time a snap when all of your information is organized. no last-minute panic! be ready at tax time simple start keeps track of tax-related income and expenses year-round as you write checks and receive payments so there's no need to scramble at tax time. the income tax summary report helps you complete federal income-tax forms. print it out and copy the totals to schedule c and other tax forms. or give the report to your accountant. or download the numbers into turbotax the number-one-selling tax-preparation software (sold separately). one more click creates your sales tax due which summarizes the sales tax you owe to your city state or county tax boards. it's really that simple. know exactly where your business stands instantly create reports on profit and loss sales expenses unpaid invoices and more. you'll always know where your business stands with simple start's reports. see who owes you money and how much. find out who your best customers are and what they're buying. click on any item in the report to zoom in for the details--all the way down to individual transactions. click on each report's name in the list below to see an example. or download the comprehensive list of reports. quickbooks grows with you it's easy to move up from simple start to more advanced quickbooks products. as your business grows quickbooks has a full line of small business financial software to meet your needs. it's easy to upgrade from either edition of simple start to quickbooks: pro premier or online edition. all the information you enter into simple start can be automatically transferred to your new version of quickbooks. number-one rated number-one best-selling year after year quickbooks products are the most widely used and recommended business accounting software packages. running a business is challenging enough without wondering if you're choosing the right software. so we let you try quickbooks at no risk. satisfaction guaranteed try quickbooks for up to 60 days at no risk. if you're not 100 percent satisfied for any reason return it with your dated receipt for a full refund of the purchase price. we guarantee you'll be satisfied or we'll give you your money back. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL intuit 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1279 COL r_rtable.description VAL quickbooks simple start 2007 is the simple way to track sales expenses and customers with ease. step-by-step tutorials show you how to do your bookkeeping right - no accounting knowledge required! track the money coming in and out of your business ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 646 COL l_ltable.description VAL quake 4 takes you back to the front as you fight against an unrelenting alien enemy. armed with advanced weaponry and vehicles and aided by an elite squad of marines you take the battle to the heart of the strogg home planet and become earth's only hope for victory. they're regrouping but with their planetary defenses ruined you have a chance to deliver a full and final assault. you are matthew kane an elite member of rhino squad and part of earth's next invasion wave. with the makron assumed dead your squad is taking part in an operation to take advantage of the disarray and mop up the rest of the enemy forces on the strogg planet. but your drop ship gets hit and comes down hard killing a large chunk of your squadmates at the opening of the game. from there you'll pull yourself up out of the muck and get down to business. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 451 COL r_rtable.description VAL professional and impressive!imprinted with your business name and address!guaranteed compatible with your quickbooks(r) and quickbooks for windows(r) software.neat and clean. no carbon to touch. runs easily and smoothly through your printer without ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 340 COL l_ltable.description VAL this comprehensive program covers everything! you'll get to explore inside the heart the hair on your head the nerves in your toes every bone every organ and every system in your body. the powerful search functions and educational activities make learning a snap. rotating 3d models and video segments animate the body in living color for a truly interactive experience. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL learning company 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3154 COL r_rtable.description VAL this comprehensive program covers everything! you'll get to explore inside the heart the hair on your head the nerves in your toes every bone every organ and every system in your body. the powerful search functions and educational activities ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 834 COL l_ltable.description VAL the movies answers a question that many of us have had: what if you were in charge of a movie studio? imagine if you could make any movie you wanted any way you wanted. would you create epic action films? campy b-movies? you can make it big in hollywood by building the ultimate movie studio. choose the scripts control budgets design & build sets and settle into the director's chair and see if you can make a hit. once you've created your box-office smashes you can even watch them -- adding your own voiceovers and saving them to your hard drive or publishing to a web site. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL feral interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1453 COL r_rtable.description VAL xoom movies on psp enables you to quickly convert your dvds or movie files into a format your psp can read and understand. get the best possible picture and audio quality for 10 different input formats: dvd (s)vcd divx avi wmv real mpeg quicktime ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1260 COL l_ltable.description VAL sound forge 9 is the industry standard for editing and production. create and edit stereo and multichannel audio files with speed and precision in the studio or in the field. the latest version is a complete audio production suite -- cd design effects processing and mastering tools. a host of new features will gives you total control of your audio - from multichannel audio recording and editing to dolby digital ac-3 encoding. acclaimed for its power stability and intuitive interface it's the fastest way to get from raw audio to finished master. automated time-based recording audio restoration tools spectrum analysis tools noise reduction 2.0 plug-ins drag and drop editing between channels hardware meters with output gain control phase and mono-compatibility meters multichannel-capable spectrum analysis disc-at-once cd burning batch processing and scripting; wave hammer mastering tools; acoustic mirror plug-ins dolby digital ac-3 support hardware meters with output gain control directx plug-in fx automation link to sony music studios internet mastering (sim) works with vista COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2583 COL r_rtable.description VAL overview with over 87 years of experience and a global reputation for unsurpassed excellence world book 2006 is firmly established as the premier reference source for students parents teachers and librarians. now the 1 name in reliability and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 855 COL l_ltable.description VAL click-popping frenzy!product informationthe pressure is on for you to pop the pieces before they fill up thescreen! how fast can you click and find those combos? incredible fast-pacedmind-popping fun! multiple game variations keep this classic fun fresh a COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL selectsoft publishing 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 483 COL r_rtable.description VAL packed front to back with hand crafted levels and ingenious game play. over sixty gorgeously rendered wildlife scenes fill the adventure inlay landscape. place gems correctly on the board to complete each puzzle in one of four distinctly addicting ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 249 COL l_ltable.description VAL lab pack (5 stand alone computers within the same building). includes the following:teacher's guide - the teacher's guide is designed to help you plan for computer use manage technology projects and connect the educational content of the software program COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL learning company 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 733 COL r_rtable.description VAL the master of mischief has zoomed into crystal city and turned all of its friendly asteroids into devious disasteroids. he's hidden queen astral's precious crystals in satellites throughout the galaxy. to find them kids have to use their best math ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1101 COL l_ltable.description VAL with family tree maker version 16 (collector's edition) you can access more than 5 billion records through ancestry.com as you research your family's history. the best-selling genealogy program for 15 straight years family tree maker lets you access some of the world's largest online data based including the u.s. records collection naturalization records immigration records and much more COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1046 COL r_rtable.description VAL build and complete your family tree with the family tree maker 16 collectors edition from encoreâ?¢. in just three steps you can have your familyâ??s entire details compiled organized and ready to share. first use information you already know and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1197 COL l_ltable.description VAL design develop and maintain websites and web applications--from start to finish--with adobe dreamweaver cs3 software. built for designers and developers dreamweaver cs3 offers both a visual layout interface and a streamlined coding environment. intelligent integration with related adobe software ensures an efficient workflow across your favorite tools. dreamweaver cs3 offers both a visual layout interface and a streamlined coding environment. the spry framework for ajax lets you add user interface components such as the expandable areas seen in the event information (open) and event directions (closed) regions here. create rich web content a higher standard in web design and development is emerging powered by dreamweaver cs3. create rich dynamic interfaces that tightly weave static structures together with responsive interactivity. use the new spry framework for ajax to develop energetic web experiences that will leave your competition standing still. in other words think deep dream big and then execute flawlessly with the most exciting web design and development tool we've ever devised. maximize efficiency accelerate your workflow with dreamweaver cs3 a faster smoother version of the preferred web design and development tool. drop in flv files add images from adobe photoshop and test your content for mobile devices. create visually or code directly work on your choice of macintosh or windows and enjoy the benefits of intelligent integration with other adobe tools. apply best practices dreamweaver cs3 makes it easy to apply best practices and accepted standards to ensure your websites and applications play well with others. build css-based websites from the ground up with new css layouts the unified css panel and css visualization and management tools. ensure more reliable and consistent performance with the new browser compatibility check. instantly preview your content for pcs mobile devices and print and find fast solutions to browser-specific css issues with the new css advisor website. audience benefit web designers--discover an exceptional web design workflow with adobe dreamweaver cs3 software. design and maintain websites from start to finish with your choice of either a powerful visual design interface or an efficient coding environment. streamline design with helpful css features; preview your pages for pcs mobile devices and print; and easily test pages for browser compatibility. enjoy tight integration with adobe photoshop cs3 flash cs3 professional fireworks cs3 and other adobe tools. web developers--develop more reliable consistent web applications based on universally accepted development standards with adobe dreamweaver cs3. take advantage of support for leading web development technologies including php adobe coldfusion and ajax for both internal and external projects. ensure consistency with helpful css features and automated cross-browser compatibility testing. comments embedded in the code offer tips about how to work with css. top reasons to buy adobe dreamweaver cs3 industry-leading tool take advantage of all the flexibility and power of a world-class web design tool. manipulate pixel-perfect designs in design view craft complex code in code view or do a little of each. work the way you work best. integrated workflows design develop and maintain content within dreamweaver cs3 while taking advantage of intelligent integration with other adobe tools including adobe flash cs3 professional adobe fireworks cs3 adobe photoshop cs3 adobe contribute cs3 and new adobe device central cs3 for creating mobile device content. complete css support discover the advantage of visual css tools that make it easy to view edit and move styles within and between files as well as see how your changes will affect the design. accelerate your workflow with new css layouts and test your design with the new browser compatibility check. integrated coding environment organize and accelerate your coding with code collapse color coding line numbering and a coding toolbar with comment/uncomment and code snippets. apply code hints for html and server languages. support for leading technologies take advantage of support for leading web development technologies including html xhtml css xml javascript ajax php adobe coldfusion asp asp.net and jsp. effortless xml quickly integrate xml content using either xsl or the spry framework for ajax. point to an xml file or xml feed url and dreamweaver cs3 will display its contents enabling you to drag and drop appropriate fields onto your page. adobe flash video support easily add flash video to your web pages in just five clicks with no knowledge of flash required. customize the video environment to match your website. learning resources learn as you go with comprehensive in-product tutorials reference content and instructional templates that make it easy to expand your skill set and adopt the latest technologies. extended dreamweaver community enjoy all the benefits of the extensive dreamweaver community including the online adobe design center and adobe developer center training and seminars developer certification programs user forums and more than 1 000 downloadable extensions available in the dreamweaver exchange. cross-platform support pick your platform: dreamweaver cs3 is available for intel or powerpc based macintosh computers as well as for windows xp and windows vista systems. design in your preferred platform and then deliver across platforms with more reliable consistent and high-performance results. additional features browser compatibility check save time and ensure a more consistent experience across browsers and operating systems with the new browser compatibility check. generate reports that identify css-related issues in a variety of browsers without needing to launch the browsers. css management easily move css code from inline to head from head to external sheet from document to document or between external sheets. cleaning up existing css in older pages has never been easier. css layouts easily incorporate css into your project with the new css layouts. extensive comments in each template explain the layout so beginning and intermediate designers can learn quickly. each template can be customized for your project. spry data integrate data into web pages using xml from an rss feed or a database. integrated data can be easily sorted and filtered. spry widgets easily add common interface components such as lists tables tabs form validation and repeatable regions to web pages with widgets from the spry framework for ajax. spry effects easily add visual transitions to page elements to make them grow shrink fade highlight and more with the spry effects for ajax. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1051 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 512mb ram (1gb recommended) 1.4gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card dvd-rom drive ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 479 COL l_ltable.description VAL a tender amazing adventure based on marcuspfister&rsquo;s bestselling children&rsquo;s bookproduct informationrainbow fish lived happily in the deep ocean until one day when thewhale fell victim to a bad case of the hiccups and accidentally swallowedrainb COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL global software publishing 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 753 COL r_rtable.description VAL rainbow fish is trapped inside the whale and needs help getting out. in this adventure children will encounter interesting characters and experience challenging games - all with their favorite fish rainbow. adventure based on marcus pfister?s ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 717 COL l_ltable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! product information ares rising is a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. a branching storyline allows you to chart various courses to success and to replay the game in many different ways. you take responsibility for making alliances purchasing equipment and ultimately tipping the balance of power. ares rising brings together the best strategy combat resource allocation and story telling elements to enable a degree of player freedom rarely achieved. product features multiplayer action with head-to-head and team death match modes. persistent characters allow you to build power reputation and prestige through multiple game sessions. a combination of dog-fighting and strategic combat where proper consideration of advanced tactics and technologies count as much as hot dog piloting. choose from a wide range of devastating tactical weapons including cloaks auto-turrets beam weapons nuclear warheads sensor drones and ship decoys to name a few. all ai pilots work in wingmen groups. employing squadron tactics and complex maneuvers will give you a distinct advantage. system requirements windows 95 98 me only (not xp compatible) pentium 133mhz processor windows 95 with directx 5.0 (included) 16mb of ram 150mb hard drive space 2x cd-rom drive directx certified sound and video card microsoft or 100% compatible mouse recommended requirments pentium 200mhz or higher or k6 3d 32mb of ram 200mb hard drive space 12x cd-rom drive d3d supporting video card with graphics acceleration digital audio compatible sound card joystick please note: the product you are viewing is an older version that is currently in demand and a valuabl COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL interplay 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1758 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 670 COL l_ltable.description VAL adobe premiere pro 2.0 software sets new standards for digital filmmaking so you can make every frame count. providing the tightest integration with adobe after effects and adobe photoshop and native support for hdv sd and hd adobe premiere pro effortlessly fits into high-end effects and editing work flows. its rich set of advanced editing and effects tools ensures that you can produce whatever you imagine and new time- and space-saving features help make you more productive. if you work in post services in-house post production videography or multimedia services adobe premiere pro 2.0 delivers a rich feature set that enables you to tell your stories with the highest possible production values. edit multiple-camera shoots quickly and easily with premiere pro 2.0. view multiple video tracks from a multicam shoot and edit by switching between tracks in real time. expedite reviews with adobe clip notes. embed video into a pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review with timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the timeline. create high-quality menu-driven dvds directly from the adobe premiere pro timeline. make full-resolution interactive dvds for digital dailies test discs or final delivery. browse organize and preview content files and then drag and drop what you need from adobe bridge. search by or edit xmp metadata such as keywords language and format. take a tour of adobe premiere pro 2.0. edit everything with confidence with adobe premiere pro 2.0 you're ready for editing no matter how demanding the project. hd sd hdv and dv -- every major standard and high-definition video format (including dv digital betacam hdv hdcam and d5) is within your reach with no compromise on quality features or performance. that means you're free to work with whatever media best meets your requirements in terms of budget creative expectations and intended delivery medium. using native support for the aja xena hs card for real-time hd encoding premiere pro 2.0 captures from and lays off to any hd-sdi vtr or device. with six channels of aes and embedded audio i/o plus full-resolution sd and hd playback premiere pro 2.0 and aja xena hs combine to provide a complete full-featured capture and delivery solution for all hd and sd formats. whether capturing from or laying back to digi-beta or d5 premiere pro 2.0 and the aja xena hs card are the perfect combination to accommodate diverse post-production work flows. putting hd resolution within reach of even the most modest budget hdv has rapidly become a popular acquisition format. with premiere pro 2.0 you now have a full-featured editing environment for hdv with support for logging batch capture trimming and editing in native hdv format so there is no conversion or quality loss. plus premiere pro 2.0 supports the most popular hdv-format cameras and vtrs including the most popular sony and jvc models. premiere pro 2.0 also streamlines the process of encoding video and audio for your macromedia flash projects with new flash video (flv) export. this allows you to create compact vector-based swf animations that include sophisticated text animations and shape morphing. expanding your creativity premiere pro 2.0 delivers a comprehensive and powerful set of professional editing tools including new support for multi-cam editing enhanced color support and gpu-accelerated rendering. this leading application also opens a whole new level of professional production by supporting the editing of multiple-camera shoots. the new quad-view monitor provides simultaneous display of up to four synchronized source tracks plus a real-time preview of the switched output. drop into record mode and you'll be able to switch between source tracks in real time to create a sequence containing the edited footage from each of the cameras. making adjustments is easy. simply record the desired changes and premiere pro 2.0 updates your edited sequence automatically. the clips can then be edited as usual with any effects titles and other tools available in premiere pro 2.0. premiere pro 2.0 introduces numerous enhancements to ensure that color in your video productions is as true to life as possible. for starters premiere pro 2.0 provides new color correction tools that are optimized for different tasks such as luma correction and limiting. for fine adjustments the three-way color corrector provides precise control over shadows midtones and highlights. use primary and secondary color correction tools to match shots change colors correct exposure errors and modify highlights midtones and shadows across clips sequences or entire projects. whether working with 8-bit 10-bit or 16-bit source material the powerful new color correction tools process your changes at 32-bit resolution for maximum color fidelity. workflow integration and support premiere pro 2.0 offers excellent integration with your high-end work flows. film and video may be in different formats but they needn't exist in different dimensions. built-in conversion capabilities help bridge the two worlds by providing optional feet + frames timecode display (in addition to video smpte) for captured footage. if you originate on or deliver to 16mm or 35mm film premiere pro 2.0 lets you choose whichever time reference system makes editing and conforming easiest for you. with an open architecture premiere pro 2.0 easily provides support for new formats and hardware as they become available. choose from a wide range of capture cards and other hardware today to build the hd sd and dv editing system that meets your needs and budget. if you're familiar with other adobe products working with premiere pro 2.0 will be a breeze. the software features panels that dock and group work with a redesigned user interface that's fully customizable. tools palettes and menus are familiar and consistent with those in other adobe video applications and keyboard shortcuts remain fully customizable. arrange everything you need using workspace panels that dock and group within the main application window saving valuable screen space and eliminating the need to constantly reposition and resize multiple windows and palettes one by one. the audio capabilities in premiere pro 2.0 -- unequaled by any other video editor -- now allow you to apply multiple effects to audio clips or tracks. adobe premiere pro even includes a set of vst-format plug-ins that will get you started on audio enhancement right out of the box. deliver with ultimate confidence now that it's done where can you play it? with premiere pro 2.0 the answer is everywhere. whether your delivery target is the web dvd tape film or digital cinema adobe premiere pro 2.0 helps you leverage your editing investment across more playback platforms. plus workflow innovations such as automated review and approval facilitate and streamline everyday tasks to keep your projects on the fast track without keeping you from your core mission. adobe premiere pro 2.0 also makes it easy to send both media and metadata to other video film and audio applications making it more efficient to take a single project in multiple directions. and finally getting fast to-the-point feedback from clients is a crucial part of any successful production. adobe clip notes streamlines the process with an elegant solution based on two easy accessible technologies: email and the adobe pdf file format. a sequence can be exported as a pdf file with embedded or streamed video in either windows media or quicktime. the file is then sent to the reviewer who plays it back with adobe acrobat or adobe reader software. whenever the reviewer pauses the video the current timecode is automatically entered into the comment box. remarks can be entered at the exact point at which the video is paused. when the file containing these remarks is sent back and imported into the sequence the comments appear as clip markers at the appropriate timecode locations in the timeline. adobe clip notes facilitates collaboration expedites the review and approval process and takes the pain out of keeping everyone in the loop. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3166 COL r_rtable.description VAL multicore intel® processor (adobe® onlocation? cs3 is a windows application that may be used on macintosh using boot camp and windows sold separately) mac os x v.10.4.9 1gb of ram for dv; 2gb of ram for hdv and hd 10gb of available hard-disk space ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 389 COL l_ltable.description VAL with instant immersion japanese deluxe you'll get entertaining instruction on japanese that moves at your own pace. build your speaking skills with the advanced speech recognition tools while the expert lessons make learning to read & write japanese easier -- and more enjoyable. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 154 COL r_rtable.description VAL topics entertainment instant immersion japanese 2.0 this 4 cd-rom suite immerses you in the learning process with cultural videos entertaining games and interactive dialogue with native speakers. windows & xp pc only COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 740 COL l_ltable.description VAL readiris pro 11 is one of the most powerful and accurate ocr solutions designed for home and professional users. when you need to convert any paper pdf or image documents into digital files that you can edit share and save readiris pro 11 will do it all. it retypes scanned documents and image files and converts pdf files in editable text maintaining the original layout and offering an unprecedented speed and ocr accuracy. a powerful productivity booster for flatbed scanners all-in-one devices and digital cameras readiris pro can revolutionize the way you scan and convert documents. note: this product is for pcs only. readiris pro 11 is also available for macs. select your scanner define the scanner settings and enable the proper system options (page deskewing page analysis page orientation). readiris pro 11 does the rest. view larger. choose ms word as the output format click on recognize + save and within seconds your text is converted and exported in word ready to be edited. view larger. if you have a scanned image with tables readiris will converted in editable tables you can export in excel. view larger. readiris will let you convert hand printed capital text in digital text you can edit with your preferred software. view larger. document preparation in three easy steps turning hardcopy text images or pdfs into editable text is as easy as 1 2 3. first you scan your document with your flatbed scanner or open a pdf file or image document. (readiris pro 11 is compatible with the most commonly used images and pdf files.). once the file is opened in the software you click on recognize and save and within seconds your document is converted into and editable digital file. the final step is to export your document into you favorite application such as word excel acrobat (pdf) internet explorer (html) and more. readiris pro will save you incredible amounts of retyping time. the program's new ocr engine is optimized for speed and accuracy and features over 70 new major improvements from previous versions. not only will readiris pro 11 give you 30 percent greater text accuracy its advanced autoformat technology perfectly retains the layout of the original document in the output. and most amazingly it can perform these tasks with 126 languages. (the software's user interface is localized in 21 languages; see system requirements for a list of the supported interface languages.) the ideal pdf solution readiris pro can open your pdf file (even read-only pdfs) and generate four different types of pdf files: fully searchable image over text text over image text only and image only. you can also edit your pdf into several of the supported output formats such as word and excel. and when you need to scan text into a pdf file readiris pro can do that as well. you can convert your incoming faxes letters or any paper documents into fully searchable pdf files quickly and accurately. it couldn't be any quicker or easier. multi-page scanning ability and more readiris pro features a convenient interval scanning mode that allows you to manually set the time interval between scans to greatly simplify the scanning process for multi-page documents on a flatbed scanner. this multi-page mode applies to both hard-copy as well as digital documents such as such as tiff or pdf files. with support for the new microsoft formats wordml and spreadsheet ml readiris lets you accurately reproduce any kind of table in your office documents. based on xml the new formats generate richer editing and formatting of files that are optimized for windows office 2003. your tables can be perfectly reproduced in excel 2003 retaining the text and even the colored background. readiris pro even lets you digitize hand-printed notes and 23 types of barcodes including 2-d barcodes. the information contained in your barcode is automatically retyped into your application. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL global marketing partners 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2282 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. release date: 04/01/2006 COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL navarre distribution services 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1128 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL avanquest 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2042 COL r_rtable.description VAL ventura 10 dvd - full versionwhen it comes to business publishing corel ventura 10 is as powerful as it gets. it is the only tool you need for transforming long complex documents-including xml files-into highly formatted & visually rich ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1271 COL l_ltable.description VAL mediarecover gives you the ability to recover files you were positively convinced were gone forever - even if you've deleted them. losing memories of vacations and fun times is bad enough but losing important business files can threaten your livelihood. you owe it to yourself to be prepared. mediarecover's 3-step recovery process ensures you can access your photos music and files when you need to! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aladdin systems 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1291 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 209 COL l_ltable.description VAL word 2004 has innovative new features that give your personal or business documents the right look every time. enjoy the latest tools and advancements of the most popular word processor around. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 162 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: gather and organize notes search efficiently work more effectively synchronize info ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 204 COL l_ltable.description VAL upgrade only; previous version required COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 312 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: professional content share your documents business integration better manage content... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 282 COL l_ltable.description VAL get your finances in shape and start managing your money the right away! product information the interactive software for effectively managing your budget. with home budget for dummies you can organize and manage your accounts stress free! it is as easy as abc - indicate your sources of revenue and their frequency organize your cash flows and picture the state of your budget with graphics to assist you. the popular for dummies series if finally available to your computer! no more never-ending installation confusing instructions and wasted hours trying to make the software work! this user friendly software can help you with your everyday computing needs. the computer software made easy for everyone! educational feature find out how to establish and follow a budget assess your regular income recurring expenses and needs. plan for your long-term finances based on priorities and goals you set for yourself. resolve your financial concerns get a handle on your debts and resolve your overspending problems. choose the right financial plans and effectively manage your investments so that you make a profit on your savings. manage your accounts more easily what bank should you choose how can you reduce your expenses how do you lower your taxes discover useful tips and tricks for managing your personal finances more effectively. establish your budget in mere minutes use the wizard to easily set up your budget one step at a time. immediately check your balance by viewing the software's automatic budget calculation. develop your financial plan use the planning tool to organize your expenses according to your cash flow. plan your financial future and visualize your budget for the upcoming weeks months and years. get the best financial information use your internet connection to quickly and easily access the best web sites for financial information and advice online. keyfeatures include hel COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL atari 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 211 COL r_rtable.description VAL the interactive software for effectively managing your budget. with home budget for dummies you can organize and manage your accounts stress free! includes a 144-page step-by-step managing your money for dummies user guide. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1234 COL l_ltable.description VAL defcon: global thermonuclear domination gives you the chance to manage a scenario faced in the leading generals' worst nightmare: total nuclear war. the third world war is starting and you'll manage it from a single screen. you'll attempt to destroy your enemy through all-out nuclear war while stopping them from destroying you. each side has key cities and installations and up to six superpowers can compete at the same time on the same map. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 365 COL r_rtable.description VAL join chuck the dump truck and all of his tonka friends in the town where every building and vehicle talks - even buildings and parking meters! there are so many jobs to do in tonka town. you can do everything from collecting the mail to picking up ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 799 COL l_ltable.description VAL civil air patrol: search & rescue encapsulates all aspects of real civil air patrol missions. you'll become of the cap's 58 000 members and help them handle disaster relief in post-hurricane south. you'll fly these cap aircraft: cessna 182t with garmin 1000 glass panel and the maule mx-260. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL abacus 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1420 COL r_rtable.description VAL there are more than 64000 members of the civil air patrol. in all the cap flies more than 100000 hours each year performing important missions. the cap was formed in the early 1940s as an all-volunteer organization. today the cap continues to ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 847 COL l_ltable.description VAL step up to the best deal in town and test your skill. shuffle the cards and deal yourself in to the greatest card games of all time. hoyle® drops you right into the action with over 75 classic games official rules tips and strategies. from classic games like cribbage to new favorites like online texas hold'em hoyle® card games has something for everyone. all games are based on the official rules from hoyle® the authority for over 200 years create your own character with face creator customizing everything from facial features to clothes interactive computer opponents with multiple skill levels to challenge everybody play together on the same computer and challenge your friends and family for bragging rights or play solo with 45 different solitaire games included. over 75 card games including: texas hold'em hearts bridge crazy eights gin rummy omaha hold'em pinochle rummy 500 and much more! bonus: 16 black jack games COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 46 COL r_rtable.description VAL turn a deck of cards into 18 games of hours of fun! enjoy the classic card games from bridge canasta euchre and solitaire to spades gin rummy go fish and so many more! included free is a friday night poker cd with 13 additional games and two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 203 COL l_ltable.description VAL office 2004 standard is designed to be a total office package for mac users who need compatibility with windows. start working with the latest versions of excel outlook powerpoint and word - with all-new mac-only features for a more productive office environment! add sophistication to your word documents soft drop shadows word smart buttons allows users to decline the automatic corrections bulleting and numbering new presenter tools for powerpoint - tools like the on-screen clock notes pane and thumbnail viewer make changes and adjustments simple entourage 2004 offers improved junk e-mail protection better exchange support advanced three columns and more -- get through your inbox faster than before compatibility reports determine compatibility between projects in windows and mac formats stay in touch with msn messenger for mac COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1263 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: g3 mac os x-compatible processor or higher mac os x version 10.2.8 or later 256 mb of ram 450 mb of available hard-disk space for a recommended install of office; 630 mb for a full drag-and-drop install of office cd-rom drive ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 467 COL l_ltable.description VAL with something for everyone in your home microsoft works suite 2006 is the ideal combination of six great software titles in one affordable package. microsoft works suite 2006 includes a full version of microsoft word 2002 along with easy-to-use tools for getting organized tracking personal finances planning trips editing and sharing digital photos and interactive learning. in addition to word works suite 2006 includes works 8 money 2006 digital image 2006 encarta encyclopedia 2006 and streets and trips essentials 2006. get everything you need to get things done using your home pc in one package with works suite 2006. whether you're paying bills online or fixing the red-eye in your vacation pictures you can easily find what you need to complete the task. manage your photos plan a trip or make cards. there's something for everyone. getting things done get everything you need to get things done using your home pc in one package with works suite 2006. keep track of budgets research school reports and write them up with automatic spelling and grammar checking. it's a snap to keep everyone in the family in step and informed of the others' activities with powerful organization tools. with works suite 2006 you can create professional-looking letters resumes and school assignments with microsoft word the world's best-selling word-processing software. a versatile calendar and address book helps you manage your household schedule and contacts. with a works spreadsheet you can make calculations create lists and manage inventories. to help you stay on top of day-to-day finances money 2006 can consolidate all your personal account information in one place and even help you to pay bills online and update account balances. when you're ready to hit the road for a family vacation streets and trips 2006 will give you all the tools you need to customize road trips cross-town or cross-country. digital image standard 2006 provides your family with the easy-to-use tools you need to organize enhance and share your digital photos. and with the best-selling multimedia encyclopedia encarta you will always have accurate relevant and age-appropriate information at your fingertips. easy to use microsoft knows that you have better things to do with your time than to learn how to use complicated and time-consuming applications. that's why the applications that are included with works suite 2006 have been designed to make your tasks not only easy to accomplish but enjoyable as well. so whether you're paying bills online or fixing the red-eye in your vacation pictures you can easily find what you need to complete the task. everything you need is located in one place; even complex projects like organizing family get-togethers become fun to do and easily manageable. quickly find and launch programs and projects in one place with the works task launcher and get up and running quickly with the works quick tour. easy-to-use works templates and projects help to take the stress out of managing anything from a weekend getaway to home improvements while organizing and finding photos is quicker and easier with improved file management and viewing functionality. you and your family will discover endless uses in the six great titles included in microsoft works suite 2006. if you are planning a long road trip exploring the possibilities of digital photography or keeping track of your cd collection you'll find something to make the project trouble-free. everyone in the family will find something to love in works suite 2006. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1900 COL r_rtable.description VAL with six great microsoft products in one affordable package microsoft works suite 2006 has something for everyone. a great home pc starter kit this suite includes:microsoft works 8encarta(r) encyclopedia standard 2006digital image standard ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 738 COL l_ltable.description VAL catch the bus subway or ferry to travel the city and tackle fun math challenges in the stores of spectacle city. build addition subtraction geometry and problem solving skills while constructing a skyscraper sorting toys at the toy store counting types of candy at the outdoor market and more. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL scholastic 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 854 COL r_rtable.description VAL catch the bus subway or ferry to travel the city and tackle fun math challenges in the stores of spectacle city. build addition subtraction geometry and problem solving skills while constructing a skyscraper sorting toys at the toy store ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 34 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL school zone 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1291 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 391 COL l_ltable.description VAL instant immersion version 2.0 moves you from a beginner to an intermediate speaker with a 5 cd-rom course of study. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 154 COL r_rtable.description VAL topics entertainment instant immersion japanese 2.0 this 4 cd-rom suite immerses you in the learning process with cultural videos entertaining games and interactive dialogue with native speakers. windows & xp pc only COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 925 COL l_ltable.description VAL office onenote 2007 is a digital notebook that provides one place to gather notes and information powerful search capabilities to find what you're looking for quickly and easy-to-use shared notebooks to help manage information overload and work with others more effectively. as an integrated part of the 2007 microsoft office system onenote 2007 makes it easy to gather organize find and share your notes and information more efficiently and effectively. powerful search capabilities can help you locate information from text within pictures or from spoken words in audio and video recordings. and easy-to-use collaborative tools help teams work together with all of this information in shared notebooks whether online or offline. plus the familiar look and feel of the microsoft office system makes it easy to start using the program right away minimizing wasted time and training costs. gather all of your information in office onenote 2007. view larger. gather and organize everything in one place with so much information coming your way--and in so many different forms--you need one place to keep it all and a tool that's flexible enough to capture it. otherwise information that could have been used to help make better decisions or make you more efficient is lost or difficult to find. unlike paper-based systems word processing programs e-mail systems or other productivity programs onenote 2007 delivers the flexibility to gather and organize text pictures digital handwriting audio and video recordings and more--all in one digital notebook on your computer. this software can help you become more productive by keeping the information you need at your fingertips and reducing time spent searching for information across e-mail messages paper notebooks file folders and printouts. save time by consolidating information taking notes on paper and transcribing them later can be time-consuming and difficult and you run the risk of losing important pages. in addition it's difficult to share data kept in a conventional paper notebook and they're only good for capturing one kind of information: handwritten notes. when it's time to gather information from other sources and in different ways other difficulties can arise. for instance because most people don't have a way of digitally capturing unstructured information they often print out web research and store information in file folders or on desks which is difficult to find later and inaccessible when you're away. and sharing information with others can be challenging--even when using e-mail it can be hard to hard to figure out what the plan is without reading through long e-mail threads that may or may not contain the information you need. onenote 2007 however gives you a solution with a flexible software program that enables you to gather virtually any type of information in one place. with your information readily available you can be more prepared and informed. quickly find what you need with onenote 2007 finding information is easy and fast because it eliminates the guesswork of figuring out where you stored critical information. no more clicking through file folders and sorting through pages of paper notebooks to find the information you're looking for. powerful search features give you the ability to locate information quickly while allowing you to search across new types of content like text in scanned documents or images and spoken words in audio and video recordings. with easier access to the facts you and your teammates can make better decisions. with office onenote 2007 your team can work together more effectively. view larger. protect your intellectual property onenote 2007 helps you consolidate various types of information--including freeform notes images documents files from other microsoft office system programs and rich media--and organize it in the way that works best for you. and because it keeps everything in one place you don't have to worry about frequently saving or creating backups of your information--onenote 2007 does this for you. ideal for businesses if you're attending an important meeting and don't want to rely on your memory simply take meeting notes in onenote 2007 to create a living repository of group decisions and brainstorming sessions that adds continuity and context to subsequent meetings. you can also catch all the details of customer calls and meetings by synchronizing typed or handwritten notes with office onenote 2007 audio and video recordings. if you're working outside of the office gather information on your microsoft windows mobile powered devices (including notes audio recordings and pictures) and transfer it to onenote 2007. and when it's time to share data with your colleagues take advantage of onenote 2007's export application programming interface to easily transfer information gathered in onenote 2007 to your company's business systems and in so doing reduce errors and wasted time spent rekeying the same information in different systems. need to copy paste or print information from and into other 2007 microsoft office system programs? it's no problem with onenote; this software lets you access and exchange information in word excel outlook and powerpoint. you can even use onenote 2007's drawing tools and tables to annotate and easily organize and manage information. find what you're looking for quickly using office onenote 2007. view larger. search and link options onenote 2007 lets you search and find keywords quickly within text in images and in audio recordings made within the application. you can also view hyperlinked search results in a summary task pane; a single click takes you to relevant results. for added convenience view all open notebooks at once use drag-and-drop functionality to easily arrange and rearrange your notes and add hyperlinks to other pages in your notebook to quickly find relevant content. manage tasks easily with two-way synchronization between onenote 2007 and the 2003 and 2007 versions of outlook or link notes and other information to specific outlook 2007 or outlook 2003 contacts to help you better prepare for meetings and recall information easily. if you want to underscore a particularly important point date or other piece of information mark notes with note tags visually rich icons that make it easier to return to reminders to-dos and other action items. work together more effectively with team members working from different locations and on multiple projects communication coordination and information sharing can challenge group effectiveness and productivity. teams often rely on e-mail messages to share information causing confusion and bloated e-mail inboxes. tasks action items agendas and issues stored within static documents or document management systems are difficult to update track and access and they prevent multiple people from working with the same information at the same time. onenote 2007 helps people work together better by eliminating roadblocks that arise when information is isolated in paper notes or file folders or on one person's computer. groups can share information easily work more productively and keep track of projects issues and goals more effectively. individuals can work together from the same notebook--whether online or offline--using shared notebooks. onenote2007 manages changes made to the same notebook eliminating the need to track versions or upload changes. you can also create a team knowledge base so that everyone has access to the same information helping to get new team members up to speed quickly and minimizing duplicate efforts. share notes even with non-onenote 2007 users by sending your notes as html so that anyone with an e-mail client or web browser can view them and stay in control of your information by choosing which notebooks to share with your teammates and which to keep private and help ensure privacy with password protection. you can even use onenote 2007 as a shared digital whiteboard enabling virtual teams to work together in real time viewing and editing the same set of notes. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 162 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: gather and organize notes search efficiently work more effectively synchronize info ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 999 COL l_ltable.description VAL welcome to the funny farm!product information>moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertainingfarming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at thegeneral store. protect your sheep from wild wolves by keeping them COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL casual arcade 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1983 COL r_rtable.description VAL professional and impressive!imprinted with your business name and address!guaranteed compatible with your quickbooks(r) and quickbooks for windows(r) software.neat and clean. no carbon to touch. runs easily and smoothly through your printer without ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1355 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL core learning 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1850 COL r_rtable.description VAL mobile find plus 411 directory search delivers fast easy wireless access to residential and business listings maps and driving directions for your pocket pc palm(tm) or wireless phone - when and where you need it. find phone numbers and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1009 COL l_ltable.description VAL istopmotion is the ideal supplement for any digital hub. time lapse recording and stop motion animation can be used as either learning devices or for professional purposes -- with istopmotion you can do both easily. bring your creative fantasies to life and create astonishing new work. based on apple's quicktime technology the captured frames are stored uncompressed so that the raw material has the highest possible resolution. professional tools such as adobe photoshop and final cut can be used for further editing. everyone appreciates the genius of directors such as tim burton (the corpse bride a nightmare before christmas) and nick park (wallace & gromit chicken run). and time lapse recordings of natural phenomena are always fascinating. istopmotion is the tool that will allow mac users to say i can do that too! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL navarre 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2943 COL r_rtable.description VAL boostxp by allume - maximum pc performance! now anyone can keep their computer in peak condition! boost performance protect your pc clean-up clutter customize your pc. key benefits boost performance the most thorough way to tune-up your pc. improve ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 840 COL l_ltable.description VAL snap! kakuro (win 98 me xp) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2282 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. release date: 04/01/2006 COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL navarre distribution services 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 700 COL l_ltable.description VAL microsoft office and windows training pro helps you develop better office and home computing skills. unlock the power of windows and office and make it work for you! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2227 COL r_rtable.description VAL for almost two decades learn2 has helped over 8000000 consumers including professionals from fortune 500 companies and government agencies to enhance their computer skills. let the in-depth courseware in learn2 training pro for microsoft office COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 855 COL l_ltable.description VAL click-popping frenzy!product informationthe pressure is on for you to pop the pieces before they fill up thescreen! how fast can you click and find those combos? incredible fast-pacedmind-popping fun! multiple game variations keep this classic fun fresh a COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL selectsoft publishing 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2486 COL r_rtable.description VAL minimum system requirements: operating system: mac os x 10.3.9 or later cpu processor: powerpc g5 or intel chipset cpu speed: 1.8 ghz memory: 512 mb or higher hard disk space: 2.5gb free disk space video card (ati): radeon 9600 video card (nvidia): ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 608 COL l_ltable.description VAL sharks terrors of the deep demonstrates the latest look and capabilities of this hot screensaver. dynamic backgrounds realistic movement and amazing animation are the latest enhancements brings the aquatic world to life. you'll swear you feel those massive tails brush you as they cruise by! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1291 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 66 COL l_ltable.description VAL a fireworks factory is in flames. animals flee from the zoo. mischief and mayhem are popping up all over matchbox county. something must be done--and fast! in matchbox cross-town heroes kids take the wheel of their favorite matchbox vehicles and head into an intense interactive world filled with action and adventure. race to the rescue in six original matchbox vehicles including the fire crusher rescue net police suv airport fire pumper and more. interact with more than 50 different characters animals and creatures all with their own unique animations. complete an array of missions to earn hero awards unlock new vehicles and even earn one of three printable heroic certificates. plus if you're really good 12 bonus action games can be unlocked to extend the matchbox play. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL thq 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1966 COL r_rtable.description VAL overview in matchbox cross town heroes young game players will take the wheel of popular matchbox vehicles like the fire crusher or rescue net police car in three extensive worlds. players can drive and explore amazing interactive environments to ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1154 COL l_ltable.description VAL corel painter x offers artists and photographers professional art & design tools unmatched by any other software. corel painter x blurs the line between traditional and digital art. it introduces unparalleled performance new color and composition tools and the realbristle painting system providing an organic painting & illustration experience. top 10 reasons to buy corel painter x 1 speed: corel painter x has been significantly optimized to provide artists the fastest version of painter--ever! 2 workspace manager: customize backup your workspace and share brushes and content with ease 3 secure saving: auto-backups provide added peace of mind when saving files 4 next-generation natural media: representing a major milestone for digital painting realbristle brushes emulate their traditional counterparts right down to the individual bristles on the brushes. while artists have always marveled at how closely corel painter resembles traditional art media corel painter x takes realism to a whole new level 5 composition tools: compose your images like a master using the divine proportion or the rule of thirds 6 enhanced photo-painting: now it's even easier than ever for photographers to create stunning paintings from photos! new settings offer more control over your underpainting and new smart stroke provides greater intelligence during auto-painting. 7 enhanced adobe photoshop support: with easier layer grouping and combining and improved support for layer merge modes artists can more effectively work between corel painter x and adobe photoshop 8 intel-based mac support: now you can get the best performance from corel painter x and your new intel-based mac. corel painter x is a universal binary application which allows it to run natively on intel-based macintosh computers. 9 windows vista: now corel painter x is compatible with microsoft's latest operating system--windows vista 10 jeremy sutton training videos: includes access to free training videos by renowned painter master jeremy sutton the realbristle painting system sets a new standard for digital painting. new composition tools will help you compose your paintings like the masters. dodge and burn capabilities have been improved with the addition of two new image enhancement tools. new composition tools will help you compose your paintings like the masters. the auto-painting palette transforms a photograph into a painting. unparalleled performance. next generation art & design tools new corel painter x--the world's most powerful natural-media painting and illustration software--features unique digital brushes art materials and textures that mirror the look and feel of their traditional counterparts. setting the standard for digital painting and illustration the corel painter x digital art studio introduces new composition tools unparalleled performance and the all-new realbristle painting system that models traditional brushes like never before--right down the individual bristles on the brush! designed for artists designers and photographers ...and the next generation of creative professionals! commercial designers commercial designers require powerful tools for their craft. that's why many of the world's foremost illustrators automotive concept designers industrial designers architects and graphic designers use corel painter. corel painter x enables commercial designers to vividly capture their creative vision and handcraft distinctive designs illustrations and logos for their clients. entertainment artists leading artists in the entertainment industry use corel painter to produce some of the world's best-known movies comic books and video games. professional entertainment artists can speed their production time by using corel painter x--leveraging their natural talents and techniques--to create astounding scenes characters vehicles and textures. professional photographers in recent years corel painter has sparked a new trend in the professional photography market as photographers explore the creative possibilities of turning their photographs into paintings. corel painter x offers photographers new revenue streams by making it easier than ever to create breathtaking hand-painted works of art from their photographs. fine artists many fine artists use corel painter as their primary art medium. their works appear in galleries around the world demonstrating that digitally-created art has become an accepted medium on the world's art scene. corel painter x enables artists to experiment with new techniques without investing the time and money that would ordinarily be required with analog mediums and achieve results that emulate those of their traditional counterparts. students educators around the world are harnessing the power and ease-of-use of corel painter to help enhance the learning experience and provide students with the skills they need to succeed as leading creative professionals. product highlights and new features corel painter x offers a broad range of tools and features that inspire creativity increase performance and further extend compatibility with other industry-standard tools and applications. it delivers an impressive array of new features that provide unprecedented power to replicate traditional art media--right down to the individual bristles on the brush. increased performance corel painter x has been optimized to provide artists with the fastest version of painter--ever! depending on system hardware brushes perform up to 35% faster--and file opening and saving is up to two times faster! new realbristle painting system the new realbristle painting system heightens the responsiveness of the brush and represents a major milestone for digital painting. artists can now faithfully replicate the sensation of the interaction between the paint the canvas and the brush. see it in action. new composition tools new composition tools help artists and photographers visually arrange a blank canvas prior to sketching or painting or create an aesthetically pleasing composition from a photo using the divine proportion tool and the rule of thirds. used throughout history by artists designers and architects alike the divine proportion will help you compose your paintings like the masters! similarly professional photographers often use the rule of thirds to compose their photographs. see it in action. new workspace manager: corel painter x allows you to easily customize and back up your workspaces as well as export and share them with your friends and colleagues. see it in action. enhanced photo-painting system it's now easier than ever for photographers to create stunning paintings from photographs! major improvements offer greater control when underpainting and the new smart strokes technology adds more intelligence during auto-painting. see it in action. the underpainting palette includes color schemes based on various artistic styles such as impressionist classical modern watercolor sketchbook and chalk drawing. you can also match your underpainting's palette to that of any open image the auto-painting palette transforms a photograph into a painting by automatically applying brushstrokes while intelligently changing stroke size and direction using new smart stroke technology. new downloadable training videos: getting up and running quickly with the new training videos by painter master jeremy sutton! see it in action. new universal mixer palette for multicolor selection the new universal mixer palette gives you better control over color blending between the mixer palette and the canvas. see it in action. dodge and burn tools dodge and burn capabilities have been improved with the addition of two new image enhancement tools to the toolbox. now preparing photos for paintings is easier than ever! enhanced adobe photoshop support with improved layer grouping and combining and enhanced support for layer merge modes artists can more efficiently work between corel painter x and adobe photoshop. enhanced wacom support artists can use the entire wacom product line--including the cintiq 21 ux interactive pen display the intuos 3 pen tablet and the wacom 6d art pen. new printed user guide full and upgrade customers receive a color printed user guide which provides useful reference information and fast solutions. also includes a 16-page art gallery. new match palette effect the new match palette effect lets you match the color and intensity between two images. just open an image that features your desired color scheme and use the match palette effect to bring the desired color scheme to the image you want to change. windows vista support corel painter x is compatible with microsoft's latest operating system--windows vista. intel-based mac support with support for universal binary specifications corel painter x is optimized for use on intel-based mac computers. fundamentals corel painter's heritage is deeply rooted in the foundations of art theory and technique. over the years painter developers have worked closely with artists from around the world to create the next-generation art studio. providing an experience that is unmatched by any other software corel painter has grown to become the world's most powerful painting & illustration application. artists designers and photographers continue to enjoy many features that have been the cornerstones of this ground-breaking application for years. the following features let creative professionals leverage their natural talents and techniques to create original works of art distinguishing corel painter from other applications. brushes brushes have always been the heart and soul of corel painter. there are more than 30 brush categories ranging from crayons chalk and charcoal to acrylics watercolor liquid ink artists' oils and the new realbristle. while most brush categories mirror the look and feel of traditional brushes others offer users a one-of-a-kind creative tool. brushes are organized into distinct categories each featuring a multitude of variants. the following brush categories are just a sample of those available to corel painter x customers. artists' oils painting system: the artists' oils painting system enables users to apply paint blends created in the mixer palette directly onto images in the document window. each brush dab loads the brush variant with a finite amount of oil. as the oil runs out the brush stroke becomes fainter. brush strokes interact with any paint already on the canvas just as they would with natural media. watercolor: watercolor brush variants produce natural-looking watercolor effects. almost all brush variants in the watercolor category interact with the canvas texture. for most of these variants stylus pressure affects the width of the brush stroke. as with traditional-media watercolor brushes greater pressure on the brush widens a stroke and less pressure narrows a stroke. chalk: chalk brush variants produce the thick rich texture of natural chalk sticks and cover with strokes that interact with the paper grain. the opacity is linked to stylus pressure. image hose: the image hose behaves like a brush but it sprays images instead of applying paint. users can also load their own image or select from the library included in the application. cloners: painting with a cloner brush is similar to painting with any corel painter brush except that cloner brush variants take their color information from a clone source such as a pattern or another image instead of from the colors palette. some cloner brush variants reproduce a source image directly. other cloner brush variants reproduce a source image with low opacity and soft edges or use paper grain and specialized dabs for particular media effects. brush controls brush control palettes provide quick easy access to all brush settings and controls. making on-the-fly changes to brush settings and variables is as simple as dragging a sliderâ& 128;without any disruption to workflow. for example the boost slider found in the general palette of the brush controls instantly enhances brush speed. just drag the slider and see brush performance accelerate. gitanjali rao's printed rainbow animated film. winner of three best short film awards at cannes 2006 including the kodak discovery awardâ& 128;best short film; the young critics awardâ& 128;best short film; and the rail d'orâ& 128;best short film. www.printedrainbow.com textures in the traditional art world an artist's brush or drawing tool produces different results when applied to surfaces with different textures. corel painter allows users to control the texture of the canvas to achieve the results they would expect from conventional art media on a given surface. brushes interact with paper grain just as natural tools react with the texture of the surfaces beneath them. textures can also be used to create special effects such as rusted metal on an intergalactic spaceship or bark on a tree. animation corel painter has an impressive array of animation features. the onion skinning feature enables users to view previous and future frames while working on the current frame. the rotoscoping feature enables users to paint and modify a single frame of an existing movie. animated movies can be saved as animated gifs quicktime movies or avi movies. support for industry-standard file formats corel painter lets users open and save a variety of file formats including adobe photoshop (psd) corel paint shop pro (psp) tiff (cmyk & rgb) windows bitmap (bmp) pc paintbrush (pcx) targa (tga) gif jpeg mac pict quicktime (mov) and video for windows (avi) files. users can also save files in encapsulated postscript (eps) format. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL corel 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 371 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements mac os x (version 10.3.9 or higher with latest revision applied) macintosh® computer with a 700 mhz or faster power pc® g4 power pc g5 or intel® processor 256 mb of ram (512 mb recommended) mouse or tablet 24-bit color display ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 140 COL l_ltable.description VAL with ilisten you'll make it easy to dictate text as well as edit and format it with the power of your voice! new dock menu gives you one click access to ilisten's most used functions fully applescript compatible and internet ready does not include mic and headset COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL macspeech inc. 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 707 COL r_rtable.description VAL make any creative project pop off the page with incredible 3-d text effects that get noticed! ultimate fonts boosts your design options with over 1500 true type fonts to choose from or simply use any font installed on your computer. the extreme 3-d ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 646 COL l_ltable.description VAL quake 4 takes you back to the front as you fight against an unrelenting alien enemy. armed with advanced weaponry and vehicles and aided by an elite squad of marines you take the battle to the heart of the strogg home planet and become earth's only hope for victory. they're regrouping but with their planetary defenses ruined you have a chance to deliver a full and final assault. you are matthew kane an elite member of rhino squad and part of earth's next invasion wave. with the makron assumed dead your squad is taking part in an operation to take advantage of the disarray and mop up the rest of the enemy forces on the strogg planet. but your drop ship gets hit and comes down hard killing a large chunk of your squadmates at the opening of the game. from there you'll pull yourself up out of the muck and get down to business. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2728 COL r_rtable.description VAL professional and impressive!imprinted with your business name and address!guaranteed compatible with your quickbooks(r) and quickbooks for windows(r) software.neat and clean. no carbon to touch. runs easily and smoothly through your printer without ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 13 COL l_ltable.description VAL - marketing information: make your project information work for you! the who what and when of your projects are too important to leave to chance. with details your project information is centralized organized and always up-to-date. in an instant you can communicate project statuses with colleagues and clients with presentation-quality reports and customized forms. product information - software sub type: project management/version control - software name: details v.3.0 - complete product - features and benefits: - easy setup - quickstart templates - accurate reporting - custom forms - the report generator - timeline graphs - submittal logs - project logs - contact fields - hyperlinks - web graphics - calculation fields - work calendar - this pop-up console enables you to oversee and manage the import process when importing data from other applications and files - choice lists - column summaries - language support: english - platform support: pc license information - license type: complete product - license pricing: standard - license quantity: 1 user COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aec software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2894 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 235 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL omni group 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2528 COL r_rtable.description VAL sure you can use a standard web browser with standard features. but you didn't choose a standard software experience - you chose the mac. why not try a browser built just for discriminating people with fabulous taste like yourself? omniweb5 ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1227 COL l_ltable.description VAL enter the wild rough and tumble world of westward where adventure and untold fortunes await you. explore a huge playing environment and move up to 20 different levels. use quick wits to complete tasks like building homes farms water wells and more to keep your settlers fed housed and employed. if they don't like their situation your settlers will go elsewhere and your town will collapse! look for gold mines watch out for theivin' bandits and engage in dramatic shoot-outs. control the destiny of the west as you build thriving towns explore uncharted plains and guide your settlers to safety and success. features: more than 10 playable main characters customize your town and support an ever-expanding population buy sell and trade a variety of resources evolving and ever-changing scenarios provide many hours of playing fun COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1055 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 70 COL l_ltable.description VAL wasp fontware is a powerful bar code utility that seamlessly integrates truetype fonts with your favorite business software and database applications. wasp bar code fonts are compatible with all windows applications including the most common word processors and spreadsheets. easily create bar codes simply by using a font. generating bar codes has never been easier! wasp fontware professional+ package includes additional add-ins for word excel access and crystal reports. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL informatics 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1243 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 429 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL imagination international corp 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1850 COL r_rtable.description VAL mobile find plus 411 directory search delivers fast easy wireless access to residential and business listings maps and driving directions for your pocket pc palm(tm) or wireless phone - when and where you need it. find phone numbers and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1140 COL l_ltable.description VAL risk ii resurrects the classic game of military strategy. you're battling to conquer the world. to win you must launch attacks and defend yourself on all sides. the dangers are great but so are the rewards -- if you're willing to take the risk. the classic game of strategic warfare and global domination. it is the time of empires and armies countries and conquests. organize your forces in a ruthless campaign to crush your enemies and take their territories in this fast paced game of strategy negotiation and luck. see the classic family hit come to life with more ways to play advanced map options superior graphics and animated battles. deploy your troops attack your enemies and even betray your allies in an aggressive effort to take over the world! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 827 COL r_rtable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1227 COL l_ltable.description VAL enter the wild rough and tumble world of westward where adventure and untold fortunes await you. explore a huge playing environment and move up to 20 different levels. use quick wits to complete tasks like building homes farms water wells and more to keep your settlers fed housed and employed. if they don't like their situation your settlers will go elsewhere and your town will collapse! look for gold mines watch out for theivin' bandits and engage in dramatic shoot-outs. control the destiny of the west as you build thriving towns explore uncharted plains and guide your settlers to safety and success. features: more than 10 playable main characters customize your town and support an ever-expanding population buy sell and trade a variety of resources evolving and ever-changing scenarios provide many hours of playing fun COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1243 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 507 COL l_ltable.description VAL access anything zip everything - even photos! compress photos compress jpeg images strong 512-bit encryption safeguards privacy and much more! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL allume systems 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3202 COL r_rtable.description VAL access anything zip everything - even photos! compress photos compress jpeg images strong 512-bit encryption safeguards privacy and much more! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 493 COL l_ltable.description VAL kids power: fun for kids brnigs together great cartoon characters with fun educational activities. features four great games starring disney characters the spy kids and spy fox. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2994 COL r_rtable.description VAL with kids power fun for little ones you'll give your child a great new way to stay entertained while learning all kinds of important skills. clifford musical memory games join clifford the big red dog and his pals on birdwell island for hours of ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1233 COL l_ltable.description VAL macdrive 7 is the ultimate solution for sharing files between mac os and windows. there are no special steps and nothing new to learn -- just install macdrive and windows becomes a cross-platform file sharing powerhouse. once macdrive is installed you'll forget it's even there -- and wish you'd installed it sooner. it's perfect for graphic design audio video education digital photography publishing word processing cad/cam database administration and much more. macdrive 7 works with just about anything you can throw at it - hard drives cd-r/rw dvd rw/ r floppies ipods flash drives zip jaz mo dmg virtual disk files and more COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL mediafour corporation 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 441 COL r_rtable.description VAL the big mix by allume systems for mac play it. mix it. rock it. unleash your talent. become the next superstar or the hottest dj. the big mix delivers the goods. this collection will let you rock the world or just listen to the music. so let the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 894 COL l_ltable.description VAL sony media software vegas 6 COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony pictures home entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 189 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: three features in one professional dvds... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1270 COL l_ltable.description VAL play against one of eight challenging computer opponents or take on your friends and family in four different game modes. play the way you remember in classic mode race against the clock in blitz climb to the top in a tournament or set up a custom tournament and play scrabble your way! play against a friend or a computer opponent with ai designed by real scrabble champions. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL destineer 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2075 COL r_rtable.description VAL featuring ez play today notation. turbo music (software). general midi software. book & disk package. 9x12 inches. 48 pages. published by turbo music. you're the star! packs include fully-orchestrated accompaniments on disk for each song in the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 967 COL l_ltable.description VAL pcdefense protects you from: spyware - spyware scan removes the spyware that's compromising your privacy right now spyalarm blocks new spyware threats before they transmit your personal information to online criminals keyloggers: keylogger prevention stops malicious keyloggers from invading your privacy and stealing your identity rootkits: rootkit scan identifies hidden files and processes that are undetectable by conventional security suites viruses: virus scan delivers on-demand web-based scanning tools that are constantly updated protecting you against the latest virus threats system failure: recover from a catastrophic attack rootkit infestation or system failure using disaster recovery. disaster recovery restores your entire system - files settings and programs COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL avanquest software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1758 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1253 COL l_ltable.description VAL bryce 6 is the ideal 3d software addition to your image-editing toolbox. it gives creators the ability to work faster and create more realistic environments than ever before. place your characters directly into your bryce 6 scenes and have them walk and talk right before your very eyes. choose at what point you want the imported animations to begin with the freedom to go back to daz|studio to make any necessary adjustments to make them perfect. then simply re-import those animations back into your bryce 6 scene. whether you are a professional designer or a 3d graphics enthusiast bryce 6 provides you with the tools to literally create a world of your own. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL re:launch 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 26 COL r_rtable.description VAL the pressure is on for you to pop the pieces before they fill up the screen! incredible fast-paced mind-popping fun! multiple game variations keep this classic fun fresh and addicting to play! includes 12 ways to play 5 skill levels and much ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1172 COL l_ltable.description VAL note: this is the upgrade version of adobe indesign cs3. explore more creative possibilities and experience new levels of productivity using adobe indesign cs3 upgrade page layout software. built for demanding workflows indesign integrates smoothly with the adobe tools you use every day streamlines repetitive tasks reliably outputs pages and offers powerful features for creating richer more complex documents. design and produce professional page layouts. import and place several files at the same time with the new multi-file place feature. in the new indesign cs3 workspace you can collapse panels as horizontally labeled icons. add gradient stops to create a feather effect. explore new creative possibilities discover a world of design possibilities with indesign cs3. expanded creative tools and options allow you to experiment quickly and flexibly and create sophisticated effects for text images and objects from within your page layout application. apply effects such as inner glows and bevels without having to update linked files. finer transparency control allows you to apply transparency independently on an object's stroke fill or content. fade objects into the background using gradient feathers. and set beautiful typography using professional tools. be more productive boost your efficiency through new and enhanced productivity tools that make it faster and easier to lay out export and print graphically rich pages. support for styled tables and table cells as well as a host of powerful layout features including an expanded find/change feature allow you to easily apply global formatting and consistently edit text and objects. and work efficiently thanks to tight integration with other adobe tools and technologies; native file format support; and consistent reliable adobe pdf output. automate routine tasks save time and money by automating production workflows using indesign cs3. from robust long-document support to flexible xml import indesign offers powerful features that minimize repetitive tasks. streamline the creation of long documents with features such as advanced bullets and numbering as well as running headers and footers. accelerate routine tasks by writing scripts and generate layouts from xml content with flexible and robust script-based rules. audience benefit graphic designers discover new levels of creative freedom and productivity with adobe indesign cs3 software. tightly integrated with the adobe applications you use most indesign cs3 delivers efficient production workflows and a more fluid creative environment for designing professional layouts with sophisticated graphics and typography. adobe pagemaker users there's never been a better time for pagemaker users to switch to adobe indesign cs3 software. with its built-in support for familiar pagemaker features such as multiple undo robust style support flexible gradients easy table creation and more indesign cs3 brings you a new level of creative freedom and productivity. it's also packed with features to help smooth your transition including support for converting pagemaker 6.0-7.x files a set of pagemaker compatible keyboard shortcuts and popular pagemaker features such as data merge and print booklet for imposition. with an exclusive upgrade price for licensed pagemaker users indesign cs3 delivers superb functionality at a compelling value. print service providers adobe indesign cs3 software addresses the needs of print professionals worldwide for reliable consistent output controls. encourage your customers to preflight and package their indesign projects to help ensure smoother handoffs. prevent costly errors on press by evaluating and adjusting separations overprint and transparency flattener settings onscreen. then use print presets to output files more efficiently. easily set up high-end adobe pdf-based print production workflows automate processes using jdf and provide adobe pdf export presets to customers to get the best results. with indesign cs3 you can exercise exacting control over your print production workflow. it professionals and developers invest in adobe indesign cs3 software for professional page layout to help streamline production reduce costs and increase quality in your publishing workflows. tight integration with other adobe applications and built-in support for native adobe file formats helps shorten production cycles while better supporting all-digital workflows. indesign snippets style sets custom workspaces and other resources allow teams to work more efficiently and consistently. flexible xml import and export controls plus robust scripting support lay a strong foundation for automating workflows and efficiently publishing to multiple media. join leading publishers and design organizations worldwide in achieving higher productivity with better quality and lower costs using indesign cs3. the effects button is one of many new options included in the context-sensitive control panel (above) as well as being available in the effects panel itself. top ten new features creative effects and controls design compelling page layouts that include transparency creative effects and gradient feathers. since effects are live and nondestructive you can experiment with ease. apply effects independently to an object's stroke fill or content. productivity enhancements perform a variety of tasks more efficiently using new and enhanced productivity features including multi-file place quick apply faster frame fitting and the visual pages panel. table and cell styles quickly and consistently format tables using table and cell styles. even use regional cell styles to apply unique formatting to specific areas of a table such as its header footer and body. robust long-document support maintain consistency and streamline the production of long documents using advanced bullets and numbering running headers and footers and synchronized master pages. advanced find/change on text and objects apply changes to text and object attributes across one or more documents. include master pages footnotes and locked or hidden layers in a search; save search settings for easy reuse; and perform grep pattern-based searches on strings of text. xhtml export enable multiformat publishing including print-to-web workflows by exporting adobe indesign content as xhtml. edit the exported content in adobe dreamweaver cs3 software (available separately) and automatically format it using cascading style sheets. intuitive and customizable workspace work in an environment that makes it easier to be productive. keep just the tools panels and menus you use most at your fingertips and dock self-adjusting panels out of the way when not in use to free up your workspace. placed indesign files reuse layouts by placing indd files in another indesign document. links remain intact and indesign automatically notifies you of updates to the linked indd file. rule-based layouts from xml use scripts that apply rules to automatically build page layouts and format text and graphics from xml content. automation through scripting automate tasks by writing scripts in javascript applescript and vbscript. attach a javascript to a menu command so it runs automatically when the command is chosen and protect scripts for commercial use through enhanced javascript. create xhtml files for product listings and more. you can select the objects you want to export to xhtml if you don't want to export an entire document. inspect and manage xml data with the structure pane. additional features extensive integration work smoothly with adobe photoshop illustrator acrobat incopy and dreamweaver software; enjoy consistency by using shared presets and color settings; work more efficiently with native file format support; and easily publish to multiple media. reliable prepress and printing have confidence in your output. get accurate consistent results every time you print using sophisticated preview capabilities exporting reliable adobe pdf files and sharing custom presets. professional typographical controls compose beautiful typography using professional controls including the paragraph composer opentype fonts drop caps glyphs and optical kerning and margin alignment. full-featured tables create richly formatted tables. import tab-delimited text files and styled microsoft word or excel tables or build tables in indesign. apply a wide variety of formatting options manually or using table and cell styles. smart text handling control your text with intelligent text-handling features including the ability to import styled text from microsoft word files apply complex text wraps around objects and comprehensively replace fonts. scripting and extensibility accelerate and simplify workflows by automating processes using scripts and extending the capabilities of indesign using the extendscript toolkit. creative effects apply new visual effects such as inner glow or bevel and emboss using an interface that's consistent with adobe photoshop to specify offset angle and other options. apply effects independently to an object's stroke fill and content. gradient feathers create beautiful effects by applying masks that contain gradients so the objects fade into the background. customize options such as gradient angles and fade rates all within adobe indesign. adobe-standard user interface get up to speed quickly with familiar commands tools panels and keyboard shortcuts. backward compatibility open quarkxpress 3.3-4.1x files pagemaker 6.0-7.x files and files created in earlier versions of adobe indesign in indesign interchange (inx) format in indesign cs3 to keep working with legacy files. adobe photoshop and adobe pdf layer support control the visibility of layers in imported photoshop and pdf files. experiment with design options or use multiple variations of a file in your layout all while linking to a single file. adobe pdf file export use built-in adobe pdf export presets--or create custom presets--to consistently and reliably create adobe pdf files for electronic review or final output. create iso-standard pdf/x-1a and pdf/x-3 files for high-resolution cmyk printing as well as pdf/x-4 (draft) files. table and cell styles quickly and consistently format tables using table and cell styles. even use regional cell styles to apply unique formatting to specific areas of a table such as its header footer and body. multiple undo/redo experiment freely and retrace multiple steps using the undo and redo commands. high-resolution graphics preview display graphics in high resolution for precision work or to preview the graphics within your layout. easily switch back to lower resolution view for faster onscreen display. enhanced control panel see more options in the context-sensitive control panel including transparency text wrap and rotation. customize the panel to show the options you use most frequently. custom print presets define and share custom print presets among service providers and customers for a fast reliable way to print jobs that require consistent settings for many print options. jdf integration between adobe indesign and acrobat pass jdf job information to acrobat with adobe pdf files that you export from indesign. print service providers can then streamline prepress and print processes using jdf automation. output previews prevent mistakes from occurring on press by checking plates overprinting and ink limits and help ensure the best results when printing transparency effects using output preview panels. use overprint preview mode to proof spot-color effects and overprint settings. preflight and packaging avoid delays and costly production errors by preflighting documents to check for problems. then package them for print or web handoff or export them as adobe pdf files. consistent color synchronize icc-based color management settings across adobe applications to achieve consistent color onscreen. exchange swatches across the components of adobe creative suite 3 design software. flexible xml workflows use xml rules to dynamically generate documents with formatting and graphics based on imported xml and apply xslt style sheets when importing or exporting xml content. automation through scripting automate tasks by writing scripts in javascript applescript and vbscript. attach a javascript to a menu command so it runs automatically when the command is chosen and protect scripts for commercial use through enhanced javascript. extendscript utility use the extendscript toolkit to create edit and debug javascripts in indesign. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2815 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 256mb ram (512mb recommended) 1.6gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card dvd-rom drive ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 999 COL l_ltable.description VAL welcome to the funny farm!product information>moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertainingfarming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at thegeneral store. protect your sheep from wild wolves by keeping them COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL casual arcade 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1176 COL r_rtable.description VAL summitsoft wedding fonts offers a collection of hand selected fonts ranging from fancy and decorative to traditional and refined. take your pick of fonts for all types of wedding stationary such as invitations rsvps thank you cards place settings ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 402 COL l_ltable.description VAL stickybrain 3 is the easy way to store and organize miscellaneous information thatjust doesn't fit neatly anywhere else. this third generation note manager makes it easier than ever to find and access your notes from any application. stickybrain is bound to become one of the most used and useful pieces of software on your computer. tabbed note viewing so you can keep multiple notes open in a single window alarm viewer lets you review and dismiss multiple alarms at once drag photos to notes from the built-in iphoto and clip art browser COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL chronos l.c. 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1744 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements ? apple macintosh g3 or higher ? mac os x v10.3 or later (tiger compatibility information) ? 60mb of available disk space ? cd-rom drive COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1147 COL l_ltable.description VAL our most popular selling product the pro edition is designed for the professional filmmaker. everything is at your fingertips including a full contact manager complete budgeting and scheduling locations film festivals and more. the best thing about gorilla is that it is simple. other budgeting and scheduling programs are complex convoluted and hard to navigate through. gorilla has a simple menu-driven interface and is very easy to learn. ...and it's not only budgeting and scheduling. take a closer look at all the features this program has to offer. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL jungle software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1453 COL r_rtable.description VAL xoom movies on psp enables you to quickly convert your dvds or movie files into a format your psp can read and understand. get the best possible picture and audio quality for 10 different input formats: dvd (s)vcd divx avi wmv real mpeg quicktime ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 827 COL l_ltable.description VAL kaplan has helped more than 3 million students score higher on admission exams and - get into the nation's top colleges and universities. our effective program of practice review and test-taking strategies has made higher score sat act psat the bestselling test prep software brand. kaplan is the nation's 1 test prep company for a reason-results! kaplan's powerful approach combines personalized instruction with realistic practice and score-raising strategies. with this in-depth program you'll unlock the tests and get the high score you need to get into the college you want. diagnose take a diagnostic exam to determine test strengths and weaknesses. target focus your prep and build skills with a personal study plan. practice practice practice and practice again with realistic exams and quizzes. improve build confidence and speed with kaplan's score-raising test strategies. disc 1: higher score on the sat & psat in-depth sat and psat content review drills strategies and practice tests designed to help raise your score: analysis of math critical reading & writing skills extensive math critical reading & writing tutorials printable vocabulary lists and flashcards games & activities to improve response times complete performance analysis by question type topic technique time spent-including whether or not you're changing correct answers to wrong ones! full-length new sat and psat tests section tests for critical reading math and writing disc 2: higher score on the act thorough act content review drills strategies and practice tests designed to help raise your score: broad content review in english math reading & science complete discussion & review of each question type section-length practice tests covering english math reading & science full-length practice tests for the act windows system requirements: processor type - intel pentium ii processor processor speed - 300mhz oper COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2158 COL r_rtable.description VAL kaplan has helped more than 3 million students score higher on admission exams and get into the nation's top colleges and universities. our effective program of practice review and test-taking strategies has made higher score sat/act/psat the best COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1270 COL l_ltable.description VAL play against one of eight challenging computer opponents or take on your friends and family in four different game modes. play the way you remember in classic mode race against the clock in blitz climb to the top in a tournament or set up a custom tournament and play scrabble your way! play against a friend or a computer opponent with ai designed by real scrabble champions. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL destineer 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1758 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1206 COL l_ltable.description VAL power translator 11 premium is the world's most powerful translation technology! it's designed for today's internet users & has easy access to the most languages dictionaries and software. besides the incredible software you'll also receive a 3-month subscription to language services that help you translate 20 languages and 323 language pairs. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL language engineering co llc 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1238 COL r_rtable.description VAL power translator 11 premium translates 21 languages with incredible accuracy. from text files to blogs email web pages search items instant messages documents and chat rooms you can translate from any program with ease. gain access to an ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 90 COL l_ltable.description VAL a rich and intriguing adventure in a&nbsp; world where murders are committed according to ancestral mystic beliefs...where nothing will be the same again. product informationa frightening ritualistic murder has taken place in an upscale hotel COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 383 COL r_rtable.description VAL startopia takes gamers to a once thriving galactic network of starships space stations and planets left lifeless with redundant scars of the apocalypse. as stationmaster your mission is to rebuild the abandoned space stations reunite the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 166 COL l_ltable.description VAL in simple slideshow you have everything you need to turn existing photographs in fantastic slideshow presentations! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 125 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements * macintosh computer with a powerpc g4 powerpc g5 or intel core processor; 733mhz or faster for idvd * 256mb of ram 512mb recommended * mac os x v10.3.9 or v10.4.3 or later; v10.4.4 recommended * itunes 6.0.2 and quicktime ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1356 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL emedia 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 338 COL r_rtable.description VAL covers what the basic beginner needs to know about playing the drums. step-by-step video lessons and a guide to reading music! the interactive guide will show you how to get started from selecting the right drum set to playing beats and rolls that ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 731 COL l_ltable.description VAL the sims complete collection includes the sims and all seven expansion packs -- all in one convenient package. an entire world of sims awaits your quirky command. it's your neighborhood they're your sims and whether they prosper or perish is completely up to you! with the sims - unleashed you'll add a furry friend to your sims family. housebreak your pets train them to do tricks buy them toys and do your best to keep them from destroying the house! the sims - superstar lets you experience the lifestyles of the rich and famous and guide your sims to superstardom. become a movie star rocker or supermodel and spend your cash on extravagant new items for your home. in the sims - makin' magic you'll cast spells hypnotize friends and even turn a neighbor into a frog. but watch out spells can go haywire if you're not careful. the neighborhood will never be the same! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1022 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1318 COL l_ltable.description VAL jeopardy! is one of the all-time tv game shows and now it's available on your computer. choose money tiles in various categories -- behind each one is the answer to a question. can you guess what the question is? enjoy the full tv-game experience with more puzzles and double jeopardy. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2324 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. because the iriscard pro is a twain scanner you can also digitize your 4x6 pictures much COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1271 COL l_ltable.description VAL mediarecover gives you the ability to recover files you were positively convinced were gone forever - even if you've deleted them. losing memories of vacations and fun times is bad enough but losing important business files can threaten your livelihood. you owe it to yourself to be prepared. mediarecover's 3-step recovery process ensures you can access your photos music and files when you need to! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aladdin systems 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2210 COL r_rtable.description VAL a pc magazine editorsæ choice award winner window washer® 6.0 improves pc performance in just minutes by cleaning out system clutter. additionally window washer protects your privacy by washing away online activities that are traced through your i COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1009 COL l_ltable.description VAL istopmotion is the ideal supplement for any digital hub. time lapse recording and stop motion animation can be used as either learning devices or for professional purposes -- with istopmotion you can do both easily. bring your creative fantasies to life and create astonishing new work. based on apple's quicktime technology the captured frames are stored uncompressed so that the raw material has the highest possible resolution. professional tools such as adobe photoshop and final cut can be used for further editing. everyone appreciates the genius of directors such as tim burton (the corpse bride a nightmare before christmas) and nick park (wallace & gromit chicken run). and time lapse recordings of natural phenomena are always fascinating. istopmotion is the tool that will allow mac users to say i can do that too! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL navarre 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1622 COL r_rtable.description VAL enjoy countless hours of reading pleasure with this deluxe compilation of classic works from over 200 authors. features all the major classics of english literature including novels mysteries poetry sci-fi romance horror and more. annotate each ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 840 COL l_ltable.description VAL snap! kakuro (win 98 me xp) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1055 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1081 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony media software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 655 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. edius pro software can be upgraded to edius broadcast at any time. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL canopus/grass valley 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 609 COL l_ltable.description VAL macbackup protects your computer from disaster. the software quickly restores your computer to its original backed up state. a step-by-step wizard makes backup simple for savinf priceless digital photos music investment and any other personal information. macbackup allows you to easily backup to any recordable cd/dvd local or alternative hard drive network location or ftp site using compression methods to maximize your storage space. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL macware 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1983 COL r_rtable.description VAL professional and impressive!imprinted with your business name and address!guaranteed compatible with your quickbooks(r) and quickbooks for windows(r) software.neat and clean. no carbon to touch. runs easily and smoothly through your printer without ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 8 COL l_ltable.description VAL webexpress (win 95 98) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL ingram micro 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1291 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1063 COL l_ltable.description VAL the panda antivirus 2007 makes protecting your computer as easy as possible because it automatically blocks and removes all types of viruses and spyware so you can surf the internet send and receive email play games download files chat online... and relax. plus its small and super-efficient so your computer runs faster! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL panda software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 810 COL r_rtable.description VAL stop viruses and protect your pc with symantecs award-winning norton antivirus 2004 which features expanded detection of both known and emerging threats. norton antivirus automatically detects and removes viruses worms and trojan horses without ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 874 COL l_ltable.description VAL with family tree maker version 16 (deluxe edition) you can access more than 5 billion records through ancestry.com as you research your family's history. the best-selling genealogy program for the past 15 years family tree maker lets you access some of the world's largest online data based including the u.s. records collection naturalization records immigration records and much more. simply enter as much personal information about your family that you know. build a family book from scratch. view just your own family or browse up to seven generations at once. find out which version of family tree maker is right for you. with family tree maker you can create a family tree is four easy steps. first you start building the tree with the information that you know. then you search through billions of records and names to add to your information. as you build your family history you can then design personal keepsakes and projects with pre-designed templates that you can then share your family tree with friends and relatives. with this latest version of family tree maker you'll be able to create a family tree more easily than ever before. featuring streamlined data entry and useful research tips family tree maker practically does your work for you. customizable search criteria and improved source management make the gathering of your family data easy as it gets. the software lets you easily import historical documents and also allows for web collaboration so you can work with other members in your family to complete your tree. as an added exclusive feature this deluxe edition of family tree maker includes $200 of bonus material. in addition to a nine-month subscription to ancestry.com (a $100 value) you get an introductory genealogy consultation (a $30 value) an official training dvd (a $15 value) a family tree workbook in pdf format (a $20 value) and standard ancestry reference library software that's worth $50. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 257 COL r_rtable.description VAL family tree maker version 16 deluxe brand: encore mpn: 10870 variant name: family tree maker version 16 deluxe COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 162 COL l_ltable.description VAL in topics presents the human body you'll uncover the deepest mysteries and complexities of the human form in this complete introduction to anatomy and physiology. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 365 COL r_rtable.description VAL join chuck the dump truck and all of his tonka friends in the town where every building and vehicle talks - even buildings and parking meters! there are so many jobs to do in tonka town. you can do everything from collecting the mail to picking up ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 865 COL l_ltable.description VAL from decks to daisies swimming pools to sunflowers a world of landscaping possibilities are available on users' desktops. more than just a layout program 3d home architect landscape design version 8 delivers photo realistic 3d renderings of personal landscape plans in changing light throughout the seasons and more. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2494 COL r_rtable.description VAL 3d home architect home v.8by encore software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 609 COL l_ltable.description VAL macbackup protects your computer from disaster. the software quickly restores your computer to its original backed up state. a step-by-step wizard makes backup simple for savinf priceless digital photos music investment and any other personal information. macbackup allows you to easily backup to any recordable cd/dvd local or alternative hard drive network location or ftp site using compression methods to maximize your storage space. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL macware 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1163 COL r_rtable.description VAL professional and impressive!imprinted with your business name and address!guaranteed compatible with your quickbooks(r) and quickbooks for windows(r) software.neat and clean. no carbon to touch. runs easily and smoothly through your printer without ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 649 COL l_ltable.description VAL let a registered massage therapist guide you through a series of lessons carefully designed to reduce aches and pains. male or female young or old youâll soon discover why thereâs nothing like massage for relaxing your body and soothing away the stresses and strains of your busiest day. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL selectmedia entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 359 COL r_rtable.description VAL let a registered massage therapist guide you through a series of lessons carefully designed to reduce aches and pains. male or female young or old you?ll soon discover why there?s nothing like massage for relaxing your body and soothing away the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1029 COL l_ltable.description VAL more brain games combines entertainment with mental stimulation for people of all ages who want to play brain challenging games. you'll never get tired of the challenge these games can offer -- and solving them can provide a sense of accomplishment and well-being. it's a great time for the casual gamer that's looking for both fun and intellectual benefits from gaming. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL csdc 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 441 COL r_rtable.description VAL the big mix by allume systems for mac play it. mix it. rock it. unleash your talent. become the next superstar or the hottest dj. the big mix delivers the goods. this collection will let you rock the world or just listen to the music. so let the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 999 COL l_ltable.description VAL welcome to the funny farm!product information>moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertainingfarming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at thegeneral store. protect your sheep from wild wolves by keeping them COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL casual arcade 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2862 COL r_rtable.description VAL professional and impressive!imprinted with your business name and address!guaranteed compatible with your quickbooks(r) and quickbooks for windows(r) software.neat and clean. no carbon to touch. runs easily and smoothly through your printer without ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 707 COL l_ltable.description VAL master landscape pro and home design makes it simple to realize the full potential of your landscaping and design projects. it's got a powerful robust way to to edit specify precise dimensions display options and more. there are also new enhancements for photorealistic lighting custom objects and more. punch! powertools expand the functionality of your designs and adds more flexibility to your landscaping design experience. import and export all. dwg files complete framing editor deck wizard layout manager and curved wall tool punch! animator powertools COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL punch! software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2759 COL r_rtable.description VAL the new! master landscape pro and home design v10 includes a more robust interface for editing specifying precise dimensions displaying options and more. new enhancements for pool design gps sun angles and content updater along with 3d ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1038 COL l_ltable.description VAL window washer (win 98 me 2000 xp) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL navarre (software) 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1291 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 791 COL l_ltable.description VAL hoyle bridge is a friendly funny new take on the classic card game. choose from 11 unique characters from zany goofballs to stiff businessmen - even a pirate and a puppy. all characters have their own voice-acting and playing styles to make each game different. along with standard bidding conventions it also has game saves reloads and hand replays. also features a variety of backgrounds card backs and sound sets to make the experience more colorful. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 46 COL r_rtable.description VAL turn a deck of cards into 18 games of hours of fun! enjoy the classic card games from bridge canasta euchre and solitaire to spades gin rummy go fish and so many more! included free is a friday night poker cd with 13 additional games and two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 720 COL l_ltable.description VAL math learning tool for ages 5 - 9 COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL the learning company 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3135 COL r_rtable.description VAL answer their reading thinking math and science questions and the elves will reward you with clues and coins to help you master the mountain! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1003 COL l_ltable.description VAL design label and organize like a pro! product information imagine always having the perfect label right at your fingertips! from mailing labels to cds stickers and more easily design your own colorful custom labels for every need. simply pick a template then personalize with lively graphics stylish fonts - even your favorite photos. it&rsquo;s fast fun and creative! product features 8 000+ premium images* 750+ project templates * address labels shipping labels cd labels diskettes & zip disks audio & video cassettes and more! windows requirements windows 98 me 2000 xp pentium 200 mhz processor or faster (pentium ii 300 mhz for xp) 64 mb ram (128 mb for xp) 410 mb free hard disk space (1) 800x600 monitor 16-bit color windows-compatible sound card & speakers 4x cd-rom drive microsoft internet explorer 5 or higher 33.6 kbps modem or faster and internet service provider account required for internet access. (2) (1) the amount of hard-disk space can vary if you already have required components installed on your system. internet explorer requires an additional 50 mb hard-disk space. (2) user is responsible for all internet access fees and phone charges. * images on cd: 8 000+. images available online: 52 000. projects on cd: 750+. projects available online: 50+. user registration required to access online images and templates. the online services advertised as part of this product may be changed or discontinued at any time for any reason. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL broderbund 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 231 COL r_rtable.description VAL from mailing labels to cds stickers and more easily design your own colorful custom labels for every need. simply pick a template then personalize with lively graphics stylish fonts - even your favorite photos. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1276 COL l_ltable.description VAL view marine life so vibrant you won't believe your eyes! gorgeous details have gone into creating the high-resolution fish models and reef tank for an indescribably realistic effect. achieve serenity from an exquisite marine habitat without the expense or maintenance of the real thing. so peaceful. so mesmerizing. with 26 exotic species of fish it's like having your very own aquatic paradise through your pc or mac. watch your 3d fish turn and swim just like real fish. enhance your aquarium with adjustable lighting bubble and sound effects. enjoy your fish in silhouette or in wire-frame mode. new marine fish enhance this version of the top-selling screensaver marine aquarium. plus included as an added bonus--the new goldfish aquarium 2.0. these two distinctive screensavers redefine ultimate-realism. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3048 COL r_rtable.description VAL buy.com: marine aquarium & goldfish screen saver by encore software from the general utility software department COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 206 COL l_ltable.description VAL organize analyze and present your data with precision and panache. the new tools in microsoft excel 2004 for mac give you more control over your spreadsheets and the enhanced charting tools give you more dynamic ways to display your information. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 313 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: better spreadsheets spreadsheet analysis share information effectively manage info ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1270 COL l_ltable.description VAL play against one of eight challenging computer opponents or take on your friends and family in four different game modes. play the way you remember in classic mode race against the clock in blitz climb to the top in a tournament or set up a custom tournament and play scrabble your way! play against a friend or a computer opponent with ai designed by real scrabble champions. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL destineer 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 848 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 999 COL l_ltable.description VAL welcome to the funny farm!product information>moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertainingfarming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at thegeneral store. protect your sheep from wild wolves by keeping them COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL casual arcade 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2536 COL r_rtable.description VAL professional and impressive!imprinted with your business name and address!guaranteed compatible with your quickbooks(r) and quickbooks for windows(r) software.neat and clean. no carbon to touch. runs easily and smoothly through your printer without ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1079 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL abacus 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1939 COL r_rtable.description VAL with act! 2004 for windows you can instantly access every contact detail. organize all your customer information in one place for instant access to every detail of every relationship. stay on top of your schedule with ease by tracking prioritized ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1356 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL emedia 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1613 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: mac os x v10.3.9 or later 1ghz g4/g4/intel mac 256 mb ram 1 gb hd space 32 mb vram internet connection (for net play) COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 975 COL l_ltable.description VAL great invasions plunges you back into the dark age of europe when barbarian tribes and nation states quarreled & warred. lead armies in the epic conquest of europe -- by force or diplomacy your dominance must be established. conquer your opponents as the fate of the western world unfolds! multiplayer mode supporting up to 4 players via lan or internet COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL strategy first 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 827 COL r_rtable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1245 COL l_ltable.description VAL tell your story with maximum impact using adobe premiere pro cs3 software the start-to-finish solution for efficient video production that now includes adobe encore cs3 and adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only) formerly the award-winning dv rack hd. save time from on-set capture using adobe onlocation through to output expand your creative options via integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop and deliver your content to dvd blu-ray disc the web and mobile devices. the powerful editing finishing and delivery tools in adobe premiere pro are now available on both mac and windows operating systems. maintain control of your media with multiple project panels customizable panel display settings and instant file searches. export adobe encore cs3 projects as dvd blu-ray disc or flash. when you export as flash encore generates html flv and swf files that provide dvd-style chapter selection playback and interactivity through the flash player. capture edit and deliver to video dvd and the web adobe premiere pro cs3 software available for both mac and windows streamlines the entire video production process from direct-to-disk recording through editing to final delivery for tape disc the web and mobile devices. adobe premiere pro cs3 redefines productivity and flexibility for capturing editing and delivering video content. video professionals want to concentrate on storytelling--not on the nuts and bolts of production--and adobe premiere pro cs3 frees you to focus on telling your story. maximize image quality and work faster during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 software (requires windows and boot camp for mac ) included with adobe premiere pro to calibrate cameras monitor video signals and record directly to disk--all during the shoot. edit every major video format from dv to hd and beyond with adobe premiere pro cs3. improve efficiency and creativity with new workflow and new visual effects features. save time and expand creative options through tight integration with other adobe software including adobe after effects cs3 and adobe photoshop cs3. adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you author once and then output to blu-ray disc dvd and flash swf for the web. adobe premiere pro supports additional delivery platforms including flash and mobile devices letting you reach the widest audience possible. audience benefit corporate and government video producers--adobe premiere pro cs3 provides the tools you need to ensure excellent production values while working quickly to stay on schedule. edit with precise control add stunning effects and move content smoothly to adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop for even more creative control. streamline the review process with adobe clip notes and output to multiple formats quickly and easily to reach more people everywhere. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you communicate with high-quality video and imagery even with tight budgets and looming deadlines. event videographers--small crews and tight deadlines mean you need to work fast even while clients demand higher and higher production values. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you capture events directly to disc with included adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only); work fast with precision editing tools including support for editing multicam shots; create compelling effects via tight integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop cs3; and use the included copy of adobe encore cs3 to deliver content however your clients need it whether on dvd blu-ray disc the web or mobile devices. independent filmmakers--your passion is storytelling. your challenge is finding the right software to handle every aspect of the production process and deliver hollywood-quality imagery. adobe premiere pro cs3 meets this need with a complete toolset for capturing footage direct-to-disc editing imagery and creating titles in post-production producing dvds and delivering web-ready content to promote your films on the internet. and with the included video workshop and training materials you'll have help through every stage of production. post-production boutiques--enjoy advanced editing tools as well as the uncompromised image quality and real-time performance you need in professional broadcast and film post-production. work with all major formats enjoy powerful effects and media management tools get unparalleled integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop software and increase efficiency with workflow enhancements such as adobe clip notes. with adobe premiere pro cs3 and adobe encore cs3 you can deliver your work in the format your client needs from adobe flash video through dvd and blu-ray disc to uncompressed hd. educators and students--adobe premiere pro cs3 offers a complete set of post-production tools that let you handle all aspects of filmmaking and post-production cost effectively from capturing and editing footage to creating titles dvds and promotional materials such as websites that feature video content. use flexible tools to express your creativity work with any file format on both windows and macintosh platforms and deliver your work across multiple media. what's new in adobe premiere pro cs3k dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. high-quality slow motion with time remapping create dramatic slow- and fast-motion effects without exporting clips to another application. with precise keyframe control real-time feedback and excellent quality from advanced frame blending you can slow things down without compromising quality. or generate even better in-between frames through pixel-motion analysis with the timewarp effect. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only) save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. adobe encore cs3 projects for the web with one click easily create adobe flash versions of your dvd and blu-ray disc projects for the web. use adobe encore cs3 to create flash content complete with dvd interactivity and menus without learning flash programming. multiple project windows with smart file search find files faster with search tools that instantly update their results list as you type. sort and organize assets into multiple project windows each with its own graphical or text view setting. display and handle media files making project management easier and more efficient. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. create stunning slow-motion and other retiming effects directly in the timeline by setting and moving time remapping keyframe markers. improve the look of your video with the three-way color corrector and the other precision color-correction tools in adobe premiere pro. improved editing efficiency work faster with powerful and flexible editing tools. play video with nested audio sequences in real time without rendering. replace any clip in the timeline with a new clip while preserving the replaced clip's editing attributes and settings. use shortcuts to switch between workspace panels and save time. output for mobile devices make your video viewable on the latest delivery platforms. encode video for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and simulate playback on those devices to check video quality. download profile updates to simulate the latest devices. flash video export with markers converted to cue points encode video and audio for flash projects and web playback with direct flash video (flv) export. adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline markers become flash cue points that trigger interactivity and navigation. create flash video with ease. improve efficiency and incorporate a tapeless workflow during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3* to monitor your camera's video signal and record it directly to a computer hard drive. the multi-camera window makes editing action recorded with several cameras or in multiple takes as easy as pointing and clicking. additional features efficient tools for creative editing create high-quality visual and editorial effects directly within the editing timeline. generate slow motion and other time-remapping effects with precise keyframe control and real-time feedback. add color correction lighting and other effects audio filters and more with fast flexible and built-in tools. edit footage from multicam shoots with ease and precision. comprehensive video format compatibility work with the formats you want. edit all standard- or high-definition formats from dv through hdv to hd and beyond (some formats may require additional hardware). broad range of supporting hardware and software for mac and windows choose from a wide range of mac and windows workstations and capture cards to build the editing system that exactly meets your needs and budget. enhance your system with additional plug-ins including many from adobe after effects software. dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. superior integration with other adobe applications make the leading still and motion graphics applications adobe photoshop and after effects part of an efficient post-production workflow. import and animate photoshop layers. automatically create photoshop files that match the current project's frame size and aspect ratio. drag and drop or copy and paste clips and timelines between adobe premiere pro cs3 and after effects cs3 professional. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only) save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. delivery to the web and mobile devices make your video viewable on today's and tomorrow's delivery platforms. export as adobe flash video (flv). easily convert dvd projects complete with menus to flash swf files for web playback. encode for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and emulate playback on those devices to check playback quality. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. multicam editing view multiple video tracks from a multiple-camera shoot easily sync via timecode and edit by switching between tracks in real time. rerecord sections of your edit make fine adjustments using all the standard timeline editing tools and easily adjust color correction across multiple shots even after editing. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. mac os x compatibility use adobe premiere pro cs3 on the latest intel based macintosh computers. aaf and edl import/export exchange project metadata with major video film and audio applications via industry-standard advanced authoring format (aaf) aaf with edit protocol and edit decision list (edl) files (aaf import/export for windows only). comprehensive vtr support control video decks through rs-422 and rs-232 serial protocols or firewire for precise batch capturing recapturing and insert editing. file management with adobe bridge work more efficiently by using adobe bridge cs3 to search for and access your project files preview and apply settings run batch processes and tag assets with xmp metadata. * for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires boot camp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows based computer. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 111 COL r_rtable.description VAL multicore intel® processor (adobe® onlocation? cs3 is a windows application that may be used on macintosh using boot camp and windows sold separately) mac os x v.10.4.9 1gb of ram for dv; 2gb of ram for hdv and hd 10gb of available hard-disk space ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1262 COL l_ltable.description VAL the most comprehensive and easy-to-use program to keep your children safe while they surf the web. you control individual settings for each child. parental control software: keep your children safe from internet threats filter objectionable web content and record all websites that each child visits manage your child s computer and internet time schedule and limit chat game playing or other programs receive email reports for all monitored activities lockdown access to windows settings automatically log your child off at bedtime compatible with windows vista& 153; settings can be configured from any pc on your network system requirements: os: windows 2000 windows xp windows vista cpu: 133 mhz minimum memory: 128 mb ram disk: 5 mb format: win 98 me 2000 xp vista COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL webroot software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2324 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. because the iriscard pro is a twain scanner you can also digitize your 4x6 pictures much COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 717 COL l_ltable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! product information ares rising is a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. a branching storyline allows you to chart various courses to success and to replay the game in many different ways. you take responsibility for making alliances purchasing equipment and ultimately tipping the balance of power. ares rising brings together the best strategy combat resource allocation and story telling elements to enable a degree of player freedom rarely achieved. product features multiplayer action with head-to-head and team death match modes. persistent characters allow you to build power reputation and prestige through multiple game sessions. a combination of dog-fighting and strategic combat where proper consideration of advanced tactics and technologies count as much as hot dog piloting. choose from a wide range of devastating tactical weapons including cloaks auto-turrets beam weapons nuclear warheads sensor drones and ship decoys to name a few. all ai pilots work in wingmen groups. employing squadron tactics and complex maneuvers will give you a distinct advantage. system requirements windows 95 98 me only (not xp compatible) pentium 133mhz processor windows 95 with directx 5.0 (included) 16mb of ram 150mb hard drive space 2x cd-rom drive directx certified sound and video card microsoft or 100% compatible mouse recommended requirments pentium 200mhz or higher or k6 3d 32mb of ram 200mb hard drive space 12x cd-rom drive d3d supporting video card with graphics acceleration digital audio compatible sound card joystick please note: the product you are viewing is an older version that is currently in demand and a valuabl COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL interplay 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1291 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1227 COL l_ltable.description VAL enter the wild rough and tumble world of westward where adventure and untold fortunes await you. explore a huge playing environment and move up to 20 different levels. use quick wits to complete tasks like building homes farms water wells and more to keep your settlers fed housed and employed. if they don't like their situation your settlers will go elsewhere and your town will collapse! look for gold mines watch out for theivin' bandits and engage in dramatic shoot-outs. control the destiny of the west as you build thriving towns explore uncharted plains and guide your settlers to safety and success. features: more than 10 playable main characters customize your town and support an ever-expanding population buy sell and trade a variety of resources evolving and ever-changing scenarios provide many hours of playing fun COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1291 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 840 COL l_ltable.description VAL snap! kakuro (win 98 me xp) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1022 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1331 COL l_ltable.description VAL art text is an application to create high quality textual graphics headings logos icons web banners and buttons. the program implements the latest mac os x technologies which allow you to easily modify any texts and vector shapes into a fancy graphic. use the result with iwork microsoft office belight applications and other programs. create more compelling business presentations brochures flyers postcards business cards and web sites with the program. pre-designed styles shapes icon art images shading materials and other advanced visual effects make art text a powerful and intuitive program which is a great example of delivering mac os x technologies to everyone. not only professionals but anyone who wants to make his text work look attractive will find a use for the program. apply shadow and glow effects ability to combine text with background image bend text using 22 adjustable vector transformation shapes or bezier splines ability to export into a file or clipboard in tiff jpeg pdf png or other formats system requirements - mac os x 10.4 or later COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL belight software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 827 COL r_rtable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1314 COL l_ltable.description VAL first person shooter offers fast paced 2d and 3d action as you kill terrorists bent on destruction / esrb m mature (blood violence) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1758 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 123 COL l_ltable.description VAL cuteftp is an easy way to transfer files between your pc and remote computers. whether publishing a web page downloading the latest digital images music and software or transferring large files between your home and office cuteftp will get the job done. cuteftp's user-friendly interface conforms to microsoft windows xp and runs on microsoft's latest operating system. cuteftp streamlines your ftp transfers with faster startups quicker connections to ftp servers and improved site navigation logic. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL tri synergy 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1291 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 485 COL l_ltable.description VAL acid music studio 6 was designed for the serious home recording musician. it ahs all the tools you'd use in a professional studio turning your pc into a one-stop mixing and engineering device. supports import editing transcoding and exporting in wav mp3 and other popular formats burn your perfect mix cd or publish your music online COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony pictures digital entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 191 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: make your own music easy live recording professional tools easy to use and learn save to popular formats record and edit midi ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 178 COL l_ltable.description VAL brand new sealed full retail boxed edition. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1055 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 562 COL l_ltable.description VAL explore the world of super collapse 3! in this exciting new quest your journey will take you through ten different realms -- with many stops along the way. visit the shop in each town to purchase power-up items to help you in your quest. for a distraction take in ten entertaining new games in the casino of each town. you can play the classic collapse! games that you know and love along with three new challenging modes. challenge yourself to the new slider continuous and countdown modes. how long can you survive? COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL mumbo jumbo 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3110 COL r_rtable.description VAL product requirements: mac os x 10.2.8 through 10.4 g3 400mhz or intel core processor 128mb ram COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 393 COL l_ltable.description VAL obscure takes the survival-horror gaming you love and sets it in a teenage horror film. tortured screams echo through leafmore high's deserted corridors. faceless creatures lurk in the shadows. five teenagers set out to bring light into the darkness - and experience a night that will scar their souls forever. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1022 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 646 COL l_ltable.description VAL quake 4 takes you back to the front as you fight against an unrelenting alien enemy. armed with advanced weaponry and vehicles and aided by an elite squad of marines you take the battle to the heart of the strogg home planet and become earth's only hope for victory. they're regrouping but with their planetary defenses ruined you have a chance to deliver a full and final assault. you are matthew kane an elite member of rhino squad and part of earth's next invasion wave. with the makron assumed dead your squad is taking part in an operation to take advantage of the disarray and mop up the rest of the enemy forces on the strogg planet. but your drop ship gets hit and comes down hard killing a large chunk of your squadmates at the opening of the game. from there you'll pull yourself up out of the muck and get down to business. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1983 COL r_rtable.description VAL professional and impressive!imprinted with your business name and address!guaranteed compatible with your quickbooks(r) and quickbooks for windows(r) software.neat and clean. no carbon to touch. runs easily and smoothly through your printer without ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 640 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL abacus software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1779 COL r_rtable.description VAL video goes mobile converts your favorite movie or video clips into a format that can be played by portable devices including sony?s playstation portable? and apple?s new ipod? video! no matter whether you want to bring your movies to ? video go COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 70 COL l_ltable.description VAL wasp fontware is a powerful bar code utility that seamlessly integrates truetype fonts with your favorite business software and database applications. wasp bar code fonts are compatible with all windows applications including the most common word processors and spreadsheets. easily create bar codes simply by using a font. generating bar codes has never been easier! wasp fontware professional+ package includes additional add-ins for word excel access and crystal reports. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL informatics 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 57 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. providing a seamless realtime workflow supporting all video acquisition ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 652 COL l_ltable.description VAL vegas 6 combines real-time sd dv and hdv video editing with powerful audio tools for producing the high-quality results a professional would expect. this all-in-one environment mixes high-definition and high-fidelity for creative thinkers and editing professionals. the software delivers tremendous power incredible speed and maximum productivity in an uncomplicated efficient platform. over 30 customizable real-time audio effects including eq reverb delay and more new vst plug-in effects support -- expand your audio processing and mixing options new project nesting adds a vegas project to the timeline -- edit and apply effects COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony pictures digital entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 169 COL r_rtable.description VAL moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertaining farming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at the general store. every decision you make could determine whether you bring home the bacon or get put out ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 553 COL l_ltable.description VAL manufacturer warranty:andnbsp;andnbsp;90 days COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1174 COL r_rtable.description VAL is your message losing something in the translation? now you can communicate globally with instant immersion translator deluxe v2.0 the user-friendly suite of sophisticated language conversion tools custom-designed to meet all your translation ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 886 COL l_ltable.description VAL state standards grade 6 has everything you need to help your child succeed. in one package you'll help your son or daughter understand state tests and get passing grades on them. diagnose problem areas improve results and print out progress-monitoring reports. covers everything a child is expected to know when at the 6th grade level. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 73 COL r_rtable.description VAL state standards is everything you need to understand state tests and help your child succeed all in one place! diagnose problem areas improve results and print out progress-monitoring reports. create your own tests to target essential mathematics ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1314 COL l_ltable.description VAL first person shooter offers fast paced 2d and 3d action as you kill terrorists bent on destruction / esrb m mature (blood violence) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 332 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 35 COL l_ltable.description VAL based on the school zone workbook series this program teaches critical math skills with interactive activities and fun games. proven curriculum audio guidance and clear examples help your child master addition subtraction multiplication place values and other skills. the program randomizes problems with each use providing endless activities. the engaging games provide a helpful break. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL school zone 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 382 COL r_rtable.description VAL you've watched the excitement of er now experience it firsthand! as the new er intern at chicago's county general hospital your career starts out easily enough as you treat a manageable number of patients sporting minor cuts and bruises. however ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 574 COL l_ltable.description VAL with computrace lojack for laptops you'll be able to track a stolen laptop anywhere! every 53 seconds a laptop is stolen - this recovery service enables law enforcement to recover stolen laptops the minute thieves go online. you'll have information on your laptop's wherabouts as soon as it goes missing. protect your computer today with lojack for laptops. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL absolute software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2575 COL r_rtable.description VAL refuse to be a victim of crime: fact: your laptop has a 1 in 10 chance of being lost or stolen this year. fact: according to fbi estimates the second most common crime just after identity theft is laptop theft. each year 2 million notebook ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 564 COL l_ltable.description VAL copy complete original dvds just your favorite scenes or remove extras you don't want. featuring a user-friendly interface and unique compression technology x-oom movie clone 3 gold rapidly burns flawless copies of dvds and cds. turn your divx collection & avi movie files into dvds and watch them on your dvd player. of course you can take your favorite movie with you on your pda. thanks to x-oom movie clone 3 gold's versatile conversion features you can turn any dvd into any format you like f.e. divx® avi wmv real® or even into vcds or svcds.whatever you copy you'll be thrilled with the backup speed and quality tristep technology delivers extremely fast backups - entire dvds copied in minutes! complete 1 - 1 dvd backups or movie only mode including selected languages simultaneous copy and burn operations powerful transcoding technology allows you to fit larger dvd movies (9 gb) onto standard blank dvds (4.7 gb) automatic re-authoring features allow you to split backup copies across more than one disk transfer a dvd movie to vcd or svcd 1 - 1 audio copying for perfect sound quality including stereo 5.1 surround dts and dolby digital highspeed conversion of dvds into divx- avi- wmv- or even cell phone-fileformat (new!) highspeed conversion of any divx- avi- wmv-/real-movie file into dvd or svcd format (new!) intuitive user-friendly interface makes operation simple backups will play in any standard dvd player COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL x-oom 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 61 COL r_rtable.description VAL x-oom movie clone 3 gold allows you to save your dvd movie backups onto blank dvds/cds or computer hard disk while retaining the full quality of the original. copy complete dvds just your favourite scenes or remove extras you just don't want. with ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 563 COL l_ltable.description VAL topics entertainment instant immersion italian deluxe 2.0 you set the pace for learning with this series of personalized beginner intermediate and advanced programs. with entertaining instruction on 20 key lessons including vocabulary grammar and phonetics you will quickly start speaking reading and writing italian windows & xp pc only COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 8 COL r_rtable.description VAL topics entertainment instant immersion italian 2.0 this 5 cd-rom suite immerses you in the learning process with cultural videos entertaining games and interactive lessons with native speakers windows/mac COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 81 COL l_ltable.description VAL mariner calc is spreadsheet software designed to aid users in analyzing simulating and forecasting numerical data. simpler to use and absorbing far less memory than microsoft excel mariner calc adds new options through its use of multiple layers in a single document. the software also features spreadsheets as large as 32 000 rows by 32 000 columns for analyzing large data sets and graphics and drawing tools to enhance the appearance of your documents. you'll also get 15 chart types dynamic scrolling an 80 000-plus-word dictionary and mac drag-and-drop functionality that offers an attractive alternative to cutting copying and pasting. in addition the multiple undo feature lets you trace your last nine steps. and most importantly mariner calc opens microsoft excel documents with ease giving you a streamlined alternative when building spreadsheet files. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL mariner software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2661 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: os10.3 COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 624 COL l_ltable.description VAL stopzilla 4 offers real-time protection from spyware and adware. it's got the most advanced pop-up protection available and it also has integrated cookie cleaning and history removal. keep your pc security updated constantly with configurable alert warnings and automatic updates. make sure you always intercept unwanted intrusions and annoying online advertising. free 24/7 support via live chat email or toll free 800 number COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL roxio 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1243 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1270 COL l_ltable.description VAL play against one of eight challenging computer opponents or take on your friends and family in four different game modes. play the way you remember in classic mode race against the clock in blitz climb to the top in a tournament or set up a custom tournament and play scrabble your way! play against a friend or a computer opponent with ai designed by real scrabble champions. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL destineer 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1243 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 90 COL l_ltable.description VAL a rich and intriguing adventure in a&nbsp; world where murders are committed according to ancestral mystic beliefs...where nothing will be the same again. product informationa frightening ritualistic murder has taken place in an upscale hotel COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 636 COL r_rtable.description VAL as addictive as it is exciting luxor provides hours of action-puzzle excitement as you journey through 88 mind-blowing levels in your quest to save egypt. enjoy a totally addictive action-puzzle adventure! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 728 COL l_ltable.description VAL with print explosion deluxe 3.0 you'll have the fastest easiest way to create spectacular custom print projects. first time publishers and professional designers alike will enjoy rich graphics layout features and text effects once found only in programs costing ten times as much.take advantage of the latest os x innovations delivering more creative options than ever before. the easy-to-use interface will walk you through the process from concept to finished product in a matter of minutes! all-new user interface browse and import photos from iphoto print out cd & dvd labels with itunes playlists photorealistic new scrapbook graphics COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL nova development 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2390 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you're new to print media or a seasoned professional print explosion deluxe can help you create spectacular print projects. this comprehensive software helps you design letterheads assemble web pages and much more even if you don't have ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 652 COL l_ltable.description VAL vegas 6 combines real-time sd dv and hdv video editing with powerful audio tools for producing the high-quality results a professional would expect. this all-in-one environment mixes high-definition and high-fidelity for creative thinkers and editing professionals. the software delivers tremendous power incredible speed and maximum productivity in an uncomplicated efficient platform. over 30 customizable real-time audio effects including eq reverb delay and more new vst plug-in effects support -- expand your audio processing and mixing options new project nesting adds a vegas project to the timeline -- edit and apply effects COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony pictures digital entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 338 COL r_rtable.description VAL covers what the basic beginner needs to know about playing the drums. step-by-step video lessons and a guide to reading music! the interactive guide will show you how to get started from selecting the right drum set to playing beats and rolls that ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 554 COL l_ltable.description VAL topics entertainment instant immersion spanish deluxe 2.0. you set the pace for learning with this series of personalized beginner intermediate and advanced programs. with entertaining instruction on 20 key lessons including vocabulary grammar and phonetics you will quickly start speaking reading and writing spanish windows & xp pc only COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 93 COL r_rtable.description VAL model- topcd-80692wi vendor- topics entertainment features- instant immersion spanish deluxe v2.0 your first-class journey to a new language is ready to commence with instant immersion spanish deluxe v2.0 the multimedia learning collection on cd-rom ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 219 COL l_ltable.description VAL instant home design (win 95 98 me nt 2000 xp) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2837 COL r_rtable.description VAL 2 cd-roms that make designing and remodeling your home fun easy and accurate. plan your project first before spending the money. includes: instant remodeling instant interior design instant dream home and instant deck pool & hot tub. the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 393 COL l_ltable.description VAL obscure takes the survival-horror gaming you love and sets it in a teenage horror film. tortured screams echo through leafmore high's deserted corridors. faceless creatures lurk in the shadows. five teenagers set out to bring light into the darkness - and experience a night that will scar their souls forever. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1758 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1349 COL l_ltable.description VAL design premium cs3 3 mac ed 1u COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1989 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 java runtime environment 1.5 1gb ram 6.3gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 164 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 57 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. providing a seamless realtime workflow supporting all video acquisition ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1199 COL l_ltable.description VAL note: this is the upgrade version of adobe dreamweaver cs3. design develop and maintain websites and web applications--from start to finish--with adobe dreamweaver cs3 upgrade software. built for designers and developers dreamweaver cs3 offers both a visual layout interface and a streamlined coding environment. intelligent integration with related adobe software ensures an efficient workflow across your favorite tools. dreamweaver cs3 offers both a visual layout interface and a streamlined coding environment. easily set up css layouts such as the three-column layout with header and footer using the new document dialog box. the css layout-visualization feature helps you keep track of complex nesting schemes in your web pages. with dreamweaver cs3 you can easily copy and paste images from photoshop and fireworks and later edit them in the original software. adobe device central lets you preview how your web pages will look on mobile devices. the spry framework for ajax lets you add user interface components such as the expandable areas seen in the event information (open) and event directions (closed) regions here. create rich web content a higher standard in web design and development is emerging powered by dreamweaver cs3. create rich dynamic interfaces that tightly weave static structures together with responsive interactivity. use the new spry framework for ajax to develop energetic web experiences that will leave your competition standing still. in other words think deep dream big and then execute flawlessly with the most exciting web design and development tool we've ever devised. maximize efficiency accelerate your workflow with dreamweaver cs3 a faster smoother version of the preferred web design and development tool. drop in flv files add images from adobe photoshop and test your content for mobile devices. create visually or code directly work on your choice of macintosh or windows and enjoy the benefits of intelligent integration with other adobe tools. apply best practices dreamweaver cs3 makes it easy to apply best practices and accepted standards to ensure your websites and applications play well with others. build css-based websites from the ground up with new css layouts the unified css panel and css visualization and management tools. ensure more reliable and consistent performance with the new browser compatibility check. instantly preview your content for pcs mobile devices and print and find fast solutions to browser-specific css issues with the new css advisor website. audience benefit web designers--discover an exceptional web design workflow with adobe dreamweaver cs3 software. design and maintain websites from start to finish with your choice of either a powerful visual design interface or an efficient coding environment. streamline design with helpful css features; preview your pages for pcs mobile devices and print; and easily test pages for browser compatibility. enjoy tight integration with adobe photoshop cs3 flash cs3 professional fireworks cs3 and other adobe tools. web developers--develop more reliable consistent web applications based on universally accepted development standards with adobe dreamweaver cs3. take advantage of support for leading web development technologies including php adobe coldfusion and ajax for both internal and external projects. ensure consistency with helpful css features and automated cross-browser compatibility testing. comments embedded in the code offer tips about how to work with css. top reasons to buy adobe dreamweaver cs3 industry-leading tool take advantage of all the flexibility and power of a world-class web design tool. manipulate pixel-perfect designs in design view craft complex code in code view or do a little of each. work the way you work best. integrated workflows design develop and maintain content within dreamweaver cs3 while taking advantage of intelligent integration with other adobe tools including adobe flash cs3 professional adobe fireworks cs3 adobe photoshop cs3 adobe contribute cs3 and new adobe device central cs3 for creating mobile device content. complete css support discover the advantage of visual css tools that make it easy to view edit and move styles within and between files as well as see how your changes will affect the design. accelerate your workflow with new css layouts and test your design with the new browser compatibility check. integrated coding environment organize and accelerate your coding with code collapse color coding line numbering and a coding toolbar with comment/uncomment and code snippets. apply code hints for html and server languages. support for leading technologies take advantage of support for leading web development technologies including html xhtml css xml javascript ajax php adobe coldfusion asp asp.net and jsp. effortless xml quickly integrate xml content using either xsl or the spry framework for ajax. point to an xml file or xml feed url and dreamweaver cs3 will display its contents enabling you to drag and drop appropriate fields onto your page. adobe flash video support easily add flash video to your web pages in just five clicks with no knowledge of flash required. customize the video environment to match your website. learning resources learn as you go with comprehensive in-product tutorials reference content and instructional templates that make it easy to expand your skill set and adopt the latest technologies. extended dreamweaver community enjoy all the benefits of the extensive dreamweaver community including the online adobe design center and adobe developer center training and seminars developer certification programs user forums and more than 1 000 downloadable extensions available in the dreamweaver exchange. cross-platform support pick your platform: dreamweaver cs3 is available for intel or powerpc based macintosh computers as well as for windows xp and windows vista systems. design in your preferred platform and then deliver across platforms with more reliable consistent and high-performance results. browser compatibility check identifies css-related issues in different operating systems. additional features browser compatibility check save time and ensure a more consistent experience across browsers and operating systems with the new browser compatibility check. generate reports that identify css-related issues in a variety of browsers without needing to launch the browsers. css management easily move css code from inline to head from head to external sheet from document to document or between external sheets. cleaning up existing css in older pages has never been easier. css layouts easily incorporate css into your project with the new css layouts. extensive comments in each template explain the layout so beginning and intermediate designers can learn quickly. each template can be customized for your project. spry data integrate data into web pages using xml from an rss feed or a database. integrated data can be easily sorted and filtered. spry widgets easily add common interface components such as lists tables tabs form validation and repeatable regions to web pages with widgets from the spry framework for ajax. spry effects easily add visual transitions to page elements to make them grow shrink fade highlight and more with the spry effects for ajax. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2151 COL r_rtable.description VAL brand new factory sealed software or accessories from a pro merchant. over 1 million new and used books movies games software and cds available. in business since 1986. satisfaction guaranteed.we offer free shipping when you purchase five or ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 624 COL l_ltable.description VAL stopzilla 4 offers real-time protection from spyware and adware. it's got the most advanced pop-up protection available and it also has integrated cookie cleaning and history removal. keep your pc security updated constantly with configurable alert warnings and automatic updates. make sure you always intercept unwanted intrusions and annoying online advertising. free 24/7 support via live chat email or toll free 800 number COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL roxio 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1850 COL r_rtable.description VAL mobile find plus 411 directory search delivers fast easy wireless access to residential and business listings maps and driving directions for your pocket pc palm(tm) or wireless phone - when and where you need it. find phone numbers and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 609 COL l_ltable.description VAL macbackup protects your computer from disaster. the software quickly restores your computer to its original backed up state. a step-by-step wizard makes backup simple for savinf priceless digital photos music investment and any other personal information. macbackup allows you to easily backup to any recordable cd/dvd local or alternative hard drive network location or ftp site using compression methods to maximize your storage space. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL macware 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 89 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: publish podcasts share photos ad-free e-mail personal online storage organize activities learn about your mac ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 868 COL l_ltable.description VAL quicken basic 2007 lets you track all your financial information and make the right spending decisions. you'll have all you need to know about your financial status right at your fingertips and make informed choices in minutes. quicken basic works just like your checkbook so it's easy to get started. you'll be able to see your complete financial picture in minutes! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL intuit 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1527 COL r_rtable.description VAL quicken 2004 deluxe lets you manage your finances in minutes! quicken 2004 deluxe contains all of the tools in quicken basic to help you track your checkbook and spending and adds tools to help you manage your investments plan for the future ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 863 COL l_ltable.description VAL logic express 7.2 gives you the ability to take full advantage of the next generation of mac computers. songwriters can produce impressive demo songs by incorporating audio recordings sample-based sounds and virtual instruments entirely on the computer. enjoy enhanced support for prominent thrid-party products as well as project compatibility with garageband 3. logic express 7.2 also provides support for stereo rewire objects and now clearly labels the incoming rewire streams to reflect the source application. logic express 7.2 allows you to play back aac and apple lossless files directly with no need for conversion. this feature ensures project compatibility with garageband 3 and offers great sonic quality with the convenience of smaller file sizes. support for up to 12 input and output audio channels 27 software instruments including garageband instruments es1 efm1 esm esp and ese synthesizers 40 effect plug-ins including guitar amp preset multipressor platinumverb compressor bitcrusher autofilter phaser and more save/load channel strip instrument and plug-in configurations advanced midi sequencing more than 300 definable key and midi commands 90 recallable screen configurations with interactive edit windows setup assistant for easy system configuration fast offline bouncing of single or multiple tracks tempo signature transpose and video tracks support for apple loops (more than 1 000 apple loops included) audio units plug-in support garageband song file import open tl file import aac and mp3 import and export full integration with reason live and other rewire-compatible applications system requirements - macintosh computer with an intel or powerpc g4 or g5 processor 512mb of ram mac os x v10.4.3 or later 6gb of available hard drive space dvd drive for software installation low-latency multi-i/o audio hardware and midi interface recommended COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple computer 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1613 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: mac os x v10.3.9 or later 1ghz g4/g4/intel mac 256 mb ram 1 gb hd space 32 mb vram internet connection (for net play) COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 652 COL l_ltable.description VAL vegas 6 combines real-time sd dv and hdv video editing with powerful audio tools for producing the high-quality results a professional would expect. this all-in-one environment mixes high-definition and high-fidelity for creative thinkers and editing professionals. the software delivers tremendous power incredible speed and maximum productivity in an uncomplicated efficient platform. over 30 customizable real-time audio effects including eq reverb delay and more new vst plug-in effects support -- expand your audio processing and mixing options new project nesting adds a vegas project to the timeline -- edit and apply effects COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony pictures digital entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1291 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 895 COL l_ltable.description VAL sony media software vegas 6 + dvd COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony pictures home entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 196 COL r_rtable.description VAL grass valley procoder 3 continues to provide high-speed high-quality video conversion between multiple formats incorporating the existing features and workflow options found in procoder 2.0 and adding several key new features including canopus hq ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1106 COL l_ltable.description VAL mediapilot is ingenious triple-threat software which effortlessly migrates the audio and video files from your ipod to pc records unlimited music from your audio player and clips your music to thousands of free ringtones. mediapilot makes it easy and you will be ready to listen anytime anywhere. whether you use windows media player real time itunes or any other player you can record all the music you want. just click the record button and you're done. easily browse your music and video library drag and drop audio and video files create custom folders to sort your favorite music and video files sort your ipod files by artist playlists and genre edit your favorite song into a ringtone by using the clip feature create a full library of fun ringtones to share with your friends and family easily transfer your ringtones to your cell phone free via data cables or over a bluetooth connection full compatibility with existing ipods including gen 4 & 5 ipods ipod photo mini and u2 software requirements - microsoft windows 2000 xp pentium 133 mhz or higher cpu 64mb minimum ram 100mb of free hard drive space 800x600 or higher resolution 256 colors or higher usb or serial port cd-rom drive COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL susteen 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1453 COL r_rtable.description VAL xoom movies on psp enables you to quickly convert your dvds or movie files into a format your psp can read and understand. get the best possible picture and audio quality for 10 different input formats: dvd (s)vcd divx avi wmv real mpeg quicktime ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 894 COL l_ltable.description VAL sony media software vegas 6 COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony pictures home entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1176 COL r_rtable.description VAL summitsoft wedding fonts offers a collection of hand selected fonts ranging from fancy and decorative to traditional and refined. take your pick of fonts for all types of wedding stationary such as invitations rsvps thank you cards place settings ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1131 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL simply put software llc 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3169 COL r_rtable.description VAL a horrific ritualistic murder has taken place in an upscale hotel. enter gus macpherson a former american private detective now hired by a mysterious and sensuous woman sophia blake to find out who murdered her beloved sister and brother-in-law ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1325 COL l_ltable.description VAL becoming a movie mogul or star is easy with sony vegas movie studio. distributing your video creation to friends families and producers is even better with sony dvd8. vegas movie studio+dvd platinum software offers everything you get with the standard version such as easy drag-and-drop video editing integrated dvd layout and burning and show me how interactive tutorials. in addition platinum edition provides added features advanced editing tools bonus video effects and a comprehensive training dvd to speed you through even the most complex movie projects?from fullscreen dv to widescreen hdv. import multichannel (5.1) source files from your sony or other dvd camcorder and use the surround sound mixing and panning tools to create dynamic 5.1-channel surround dvd soundtracks support for any aspect ratio (4 - 3 16 - 9 etc) supports multiple file formats and frame rates high definition editing and output simple drag-and-drop operations interactive show me how tutorials and online help explorer view project media bins track markers and regions unlimited undo/redo 1 001 sound effects edition of dvd architect 4.5 for building and burning pro-grade dvd versions COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 487 COL r_rtable.description VAL sony media software vegas movie studio +dvd 8 platinum edition. video editing and dvd creation software vegas movie studio platinum edition software provides the power features and advanced tools you need to edit video in nearly any format ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL sony creative software 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 182 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2282 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. release date: 04/01/2006 COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL navarre distribution services 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 609 COL l_ltable.description VAL macbackup protects your computer from disaster. the software quickly restores your computer to its original backed up state. a step-by-step wizard makes backup simple for savinf priceless digital photos music investment and any other personal information. macbackup allows you to easily backup to any recordable cd/dvd local or alternative hard drive network location or ftp site using compression methods to maximize your storage space. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL macware 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1850 COL r_rtable.description VAL mobile find plus 411 directory search delivers fast easy wireless access to residential and business listings maps and driving directions for your pocket pc palm(tm) or wireless phone - when and where you need it. find phone numbers and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 554 COL l_ltable.description VAL topics entertainment instant immersion spanish deluxe 2.0. you set the pace for learning with this series of personalized beginner intermediate and advanced programs. with entertaining instruction on 20 key lessons including vocabulary grammar and phonetics you will quickly start speaking reading and writing spanish windows & xp pc only COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1174 COL r_rtable.description VAL is your message losing something in the translation? now you can communicate globally with instant immersion translator deluxe v2.0 the user-friendly suite of sophisticated language conversion tools custom-designed to meet all your translation ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 138 COL l_ltable.description VAL art explosion greeting card factory offers you millions of new options for creating the most heartfelt greeting cards available. you can even design your own electronic greetings for an instant way to show your feelings COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL nova development 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 468 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements mac os x (system 10.1 or later) or mac os 9 (system 9.1 or later) cd-rom drive beautiful results with all popular printers - inkjet and laser - including epson hp canon lexmark and more. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 952 COL l_ltable.description VAL 4 addictively fun favorites!product informationthis game collection includes four full-version feverishly fun games from theexperts at hoyle!&nbsp; round up your family and friends for loads of fun.&nbsp;whether its cards slots mahjongg or pool there's so COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 46 COL r_rtable.description VAL turn a deck of cards into 18 games of hours of fun! enjoy the classic card games from bridge canasta euchre and solitaire to spades gin rummy go fish and so many more! included free is a friday night poker cd with 13 additional games and two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 971 COL l_ltable.description VAL designcad v17 2d computer aided design COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL imsi 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2324 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. because the iriscard pro is a twain scanner you can also digitize your 4x6 pictures much COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 925 COL l_ltable.description VAL office onenote 2007 is a digital notebook that provides one place to gather notes and information powerful search capabilities to find what you're looking for quickly and easy-to-use shared notebooks to help manage information overload and work with others more effectively. as an integrated part of the 2007 microsoft office system onenote 2007 makes it easy to gather organize find and share your notes and information more efficiently and effectively. powerful search capabilities can help you locate information from text within pictures or from spoken words in audio and video recordings. and easy-to-use collaborative tools help teams work together with all of this information in shared notebooks whether online or offline. plus the familiar look and feel of the microsoft office system makes it easy to start using the program right away minimizing wasted time and training costs. gather all of your information in office onenote 2007. view larger. gather and organize everything in one place with so much information coming your way--and in so many different forms--you need one place to keep it all and a tool that's flexible enough to capture it. otherwise information that could have been used to help make better decisions or make you more efficient is lost or difficult to find. unlike paper-based systems word processing programs e-mail systems or other productivity programs onenote 2007 delivers the flexibility to gather and organize text pictures digital handwriting audio and video recordings and more--all in one digital notebook on your computer. this software can help you become more productive by keeping the information you need at your fingertips and reducing time spent searching for information across e-mail messages paper notebooks file folders and printouts. save time by consolidating information taking notes on paper and transcribing them later can be time-consuming and difficult and you run the risk of losing important pages. in addition it's difficult to share data kept in a conventional paper notebook and they're only good for capturing one kind of information: handwritten notes. when it's time to gather information from other sources and in different ways other difficulties can arise. for instance because most people don't have a way of digitally capturing unstructured information they often print out web research and store information in file folders or on desks which is difficult to find later and inaccessible when you're away. and sharing information with others can be challenging--even when using e-mail it can be hard to hard to figure out what the plan is without reading through long e-mail threads that may or may not contain the information you need. onenote 2007 however gives you a solution with a flexible software program that enables you to gather virtually any type of information in one place. with your information readily available you can be more prepared and informed. quickly find what you need with onenote 2007 finding information is easy and fast because it eliminates the guesswork of figuring out where you stored critical information. no more clicking through file folders and sorting through pages of paper notebooks to find the information you're looking for. powerful search features give you the ability to locate information quickly while allowing you to search across new types of content like text in scanned documents or images and spoken words in audio and video recordings. with easier access to the facts you and your teammates can make better decisions. with office onenote 2007 your team can work together more effectively. view larger. protect your intellectual property onenote 2007 helps you consolidate various types of information--including freeform notes images documents files from other microsoft office system programs and rich media--and organize it in the way that works best for you. and because it keeps everything in one place you don't have to worry about frequently saving or creating backups of your information--onenote 2007 does this for you. ideal for businesses if you're attending an important meeting and don't want to rely on your memory simply take meeting notes in onenote 2007 to create a living repository of group decisions and brainstorming sessions that adds continuity and context to subsequent meetings. you can also catch all the details of customer calls and meetings by synchronizing typed or handwritten notes with office onenote 2007 audio and video recordings. if you're working outside of the office gather information on your microsoft windows mobile powered devices (including notes audio recordings and pictures) and transfer it to onenote 2007. and when it's time to share data with your colleagues take advantage of onenote 2007's export application programming interface to easily transfer information gathered in onenote 2007 to your company's business systems and in so doing reduce errors and wasted time spent rekeying the same information in different systems. need to copy paste or print information from and into other 2007 microsoft office system programs? it's no problem with onenote; this software lets you access and exchange information in word excel outlook and powerpoint. you can even use onenote 2007's drawing tools and tables to annotate and easily organize and manage information. find what you're looking for quickly using office onenote 2007. view larger. search and link options onenote 2007 lets you search and find keywords quickly within text in images and in audio recordings made within the application. you can also view hyperlinked search results in a summary task pane; a single click takes you to relevant results. for added convenience view all open notebooks at once use drag-and-drop functionality to easily arrange and rearrange your notes and add hyperlinks to other pages in your notebook to quickly find relevant content. manage tasks easily with two-way synchronization between onenote 2007 and the 2003 and 2007 versions of outlook or link notes and other information to specific outlook 2007 or outlook 2003 contacts to help you better prepare for meetings and recall information easily. if you want to underscore a particularly important point date or other piece of information mark notes with note tags visually rich icons that make it easier to return to reminders to-dos and other action items. work together more effectively with team members working from different locations and on multiple projects communication coordination and information sharing can challenge group effectiveness and productivity. teams often rely on e-mail messages to share information causing confusion and bloated e-mail inboxes. tasks action items agendas and issues stored within static documents or document management systems are difficult to update track and access and they prevent multiple people from working with the same information at the same time. onenote 2007 helps people work together better by eliminating roadblocks that arise when information is isolated in paper notes or file folders or on one person's computer. groups can share information easily work more productively and keep track of projects issues and goals more effectively. individuals can work together from the same notebook--whether online or offline--using shared notebooks. onenote2007 manages changes made to the same notebook eliminating the need to track versions or upload changes. you can also create a team knowledge base so that everyone has access to the same information helping to get new team members up to speed quickly and minimizing duplicate efforts. share notes even with non-onenote 2007 users by sending your notes as html so that anyone with an e-mail client or web browser can view them and stay in control of your information by choosing which notebooks to share with your teammates and which to keep private and help ensure privacy with password protection. you can even use onenote 2007 as a shared digital whiteboard enabling virtual teams to work together in real time viewing and editing the same set of notes. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1222 COL r_rtable.description VAL microsoft excel 2007 is a powerful tool to create and format spreadsheets and analyze and share information. it offers a new improved user interface to let you easily create and format spreadsheets and charts in fewer clicks.this new version of ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 487 COL l_ltable.description VAL flash ad creator creates animated ads that look like a flash developer spent hours creating it. save time & money by creating your own ad in your own time and at your own pace. you can even sell them to your clients and start a new career! everything you need to create a custom flash animation is included right here. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL laughing bird 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 35 COL r_rtable.description VAL make your own personalized calendars and planner pages. easily schedule track appointments and everything in between. includes pre-designed calendars too. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1123 COL l_ltable.description VAL adobe premiere elements 3.0 software makes creating and sharing impressive home videos a snap. burn your footage to dvd in two simple steps complete with a dvd menu and scene index or easily assemble your movie by rearranging clips with drag-and-drop simplicity. share your movies on dvd the web mobile phones and virtually anywhere else. get started quickly with helpful moviemaking options; wow your audience with amazing effects; and show your videos on dvd the web and virtually anywhere else. easily create home videos and dvds using footage imported from any device. zoom in on details of your project or zoom out for an overview of your entire timeline use stop motion capture to create your own time-lapse movies claymations and other animations narrate your stories or enhance them with text graphics and audio roll credits in more than 100 professionally designed templates show your finished movies on virtually any handheld device -- including mobile phones ipods and psp systems delete and edit scene automatically with the timeline create a rich full soundtrack for your video with dolby digital stereo -- up to 99 audiotracks and precise waveform controls advanced multi-threading and hyper-threading technology support helps you edit faster in machines with multiple processors flexible workspace automatically resizes and adjusts to your needs -- no need to click around to open and close panels design custom dvd menus from scratch or choose from dozens of menu templates create scene indexes or chapters for your dvd menu with links that correspond to your video clips for windows xp only COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 263 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: create and share videos import videos burn footage to dvd edit and preview ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 840 COL l_ltable.description VAL snap! kakuro (win 98 me xp) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2499 COL r_rtable.description VAL all the important spelling skills your child needs taught in a fun style they'll love! / ages 5-9. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1331 COL l_ltable.description VAL art text is an application to create high quality textual graphics headings logos icons web banners and buttons. the program implements the latest mac os x technologies which allow you to easily modify any texts and vector shapes into a fancy graphic. use the result with iwork microsoft office belight applications and other programs. create more compelling business presentations brochures flyers postcards business cards and web sites with the program. pre-designed styles shapes icon art images shading materials and other advanced visual effects make art text a powerful and intuitive program which is a great example of delivering mac os x technologies to everyone. not only professionals but anyone who wants to make his text work look attractive will find a use for the program. apply shadow and glow effects ability to combine text with background image bend text using 22 adjustable vector transformation shapes or bezier splines ability to export into a file or clipboard in tiff jpeg pdf png or other formats system requirements - mac os x 10.4 or later COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL belight software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3167 COL r_rtable.description VAL from chaos comes order. private prisons have become the new growth industry. you will construct and run an efficient rehabilitation facility with nothing but money on your mind. there's no escaping under your watchful eye as you oversee every detail ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1119 COL l_ltable.description VAL prey is a groundbreaking first-person shooter that turns the genre upside-down with new gameplay features and next generation graphics. breaking the traditional first-person shooter format prey introduces innovative gameplay elements including wall-walking portals spirit-walking and gravity flipping which allows for insane eight player deathmatches. prey tells the story of tommy a cherokee garage mechanic stuck on a reservation and going nowhere. his life changes when an otherworldly crisis forces him to awaken spiritual powers from his long-forgotten birthright. abducted along with his people to a menacing mothership orbiting earth he sets out to save himself and his girlfriend and ultimately his planet. multiplayer ­ multiplayer games take complete advantage of the unique gameplay styles of prey as players walk on the ceilings and walls while the map¹s gravity flips from side to side note - may require advanced video processing capabilities on your mac computer COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 196 COL r_rtable.description VAL grass valley procoder 3 continues to provide high-speed high-quality video conversion between multiple formats incorporating the existing features and workflow options found in procoder 2.0 and adding several key new features including canopus hq ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1140 COL l_ltable.description VAL risk ii resurrects the classic game of military strategy. you're battling to conquer the world. to win you must launch attacks and defend yourself on all sides. the dangers are great but so are the rewards -- if you're willing to take the risk. the classic game of strategic warfare and global domination. it is the time of empires and armies countries and conquests. organize your forces in a ruthless campaign to crush your enemies and take their territories in this fast paced game of strategy negotiation and luck. see the classic family hit come to life with more ways to play advanced map options superior graphics and animated battles. deploy your troops attack your enemies and even betray your allies in an aggressive effort to take over the world! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2528 COL r_rtable.description VAL sure you can use a standard web browser with standard features. but you didn't choose a standard software experience - you chose the mac. why not try a browser built just for discriminating people with fabulous taste like yourself? omniweb5 ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 231 COL l_ltable.description VAL bonjour! it's far too cold and wet to play outside- but don't worry- madeline is here! there are lots of fun things to do in madeline's room. you can make a mask create a silly story paint a masterpiece and more! skills covered: reading shapes parts of speech matching counting and science & nature. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 147 COL r_rtable.description VAL bonjour! it's far too cold and wet to play outside- but don't worry- madeline is here! there are lots of fun things to do in madeline's room. you can make a mask create a silly story paint a masterpiece and more! skills covered: reading shapes ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 178 COL l_ltable.description VAL brand new sealed full retail boxed edition. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1758 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 960 COL l_ltable.description VAL encore fate - arrive in the fabled forest town of grove and travel to the outskirts where the old wood meets the dungeon gate. past this iron-clad gate you will determine your destiny and build providence. get tips from townspeople to acquire power with unique weaponry and magic spells. your faithful companion (a cat or jack russell terrier) defends you against monsters that lurk within dark dangerous corridors. within these mysterious walls you'll find infinite adventure and perhaps fortune and glory. take the dare ...test your worth ...and determine your fate! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 169 COL r_rtable.description VAL moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertaining farming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at the general store. every decision you make could determine whether you bring home the bacon or get put out ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1233 COL l_ltable.description VAL macdrive 7 is the ultimate solution for sharing files between mac os and windows. there are no special steps and nothing new to learn -- just install macdrive and windows becomes a cross-platform file sharing powerhouse. once macdrive is installed you'll forget it's even there -- and wish you'd installed it sooner. it's perfect for graphic design audio video education digital photography publishing word processing cad/cam database administration and much more. macdrive 7 works with just about anything you can throw at it - hard drives cd-r/rw dvd rw/ r floppies ipods flash drives zip jaz mo dmg virtual disk files and more COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL mediafour corporation 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1850 COL r_rtable.description VAL mobile find plus 411 directory search delivers fast easy wireless access to residential and business listings maps and driving directions for your pocket pc palm(tm) or wireless phone - when and where you need it. find phone numbers and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1081 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony media software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1026 COL r_rtable.description VAL photoshow deluxe makes it easy to turn ordinary photos into dynamic multimedia slide shows complete with captions embellishments and music. it lets you preserve and share the magic of family gatherings vacation adventures special celebrations ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1318 COL l_ltable.description VAL jeopardy! is one of the all-time tv game shows and now it's available on your computer. choose money tiles in various categories -- behind each one is the answer to a question. can you guess what the question is? enjoy the full tv-game experience with more puzzles and double jeopardy. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2486 COL r_rtable.description VAL minimum system requirements: operating system: mac os x 10.3.9 or later cpu processor: powerpc g5 or intel chipset cpu speed: 1.8 ghz memory: 512 mb or higher hard disk space: 2.5gb free disk space video card (ati): radeon 9600 video card (nvidia): ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1129 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL avanquest 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1738 COL r_rtable.description VAL system care professional eliminates the hassles of setting up managing and protecting your home network. easily set up file and printer sharing between your home computers with just a few mouse clicks. its intuitive information network management ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1220 COL l_ltable.description VAL adobe soundbooth cs3 software lets you take command of your audio in film video or adobe flash projects. soundbooth gives you focused tools to bring the same superior quality to your sound as you bring to your visuals. use on-clip controls to make fast edits and intuitive task-based tools to clean up recordings polish voice-overs customize music modify sound effects apply high-quality filters and much more. an intuitive interface and on-clip controls simplify everyday sound tasks like cleaning editing and creating audio. clean up recordings polish voice-overs record audio create audio loops create and export markers to xml and flv to synchronize sound with animation and much more. tight integration with adobe premiere pro cs3 and flash cs3 professional software and an intuitive visual interface mean you can get the job done quickly without sacrificing creative control. intuitive audio editing with on-clip controls autocomposer with customizable music content for homemade scores more than 15 high-quality audio filters -- combine up to 5 with the effects rack streamlined mastering tools polish your file & clarify vocals visual tools for healing sound - reveal and remove individual sounds from a waveform open video files to edit and clean up their audio use adobe media encoder to export to major video formats - mpeg-2 h.264 realvideo flv and more COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3114 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements multicore intel processor mac os x v.10.4.9 512mb of ram (1gb for dv playback; 2gb for hdv and hd playback) 10gb of available hard-disk space 1280x900 monitor resolution with 32-bit video card and 16mb of vram core audio ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 226 COL l_ltable.description VAL whether you're an avid family historian or a complete novice family tree maker collectible edition version 11.2 will help you create detailed family trees books web sites reports and more. fill them with personal photos and family memorabilia. record your information now so you can pass on a treasured legacy in the future! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2758 COL r_rtable.description VAL overview dedicated family research calls for serious genealogy software. this great collection delivers an unprecedented wealth of data plus all of the convenient tools you expect from family tree maker. travel back in time on a research journey ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1276 COL l_ltable.description VAL view marine life so vibrant you won't believe your eyes! gorgeous details have gone into creating the high-resolution fish models and reef tank for an indescribably realistic effect. achieve serenity from an exquisite marine habitat without the expense or maintenance of the real thing. so peaceful. so mesmerizing. with 26 exotic species of fish it's like having your very own aquatic paradise through your pc or mac. watch your 3d fish turn and swim just like real fish. enhance your aquarium with adjustable lighting bubble and sound effects. enjoy your fish in silhouette or in wire-frame mode. new marine fish enhance this version of the top-selling screensaver marine aquarium. plus included as an added bonus--the new goldfish aquarium 2.0. these two distinctive screensavers redefine ultimate-realism. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1111 COL r_rtable.description VAL marine aquarium & goldfishscreen saver by encore software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1168 COL l_ltable.description VAL note: this is the upgrade version of adobe illustrator cs3. adobe illustrator cs3 upgrade software allows you to efficiently create sophisticated vector artwork for virtually any medium. access tools quickly and easily explore color variations and share files seamlessly between illustrator and other adobe professional applications as you prepare content for print web and interactive and mobile and motion designs. efficiently create sophisticated vector artwork for virtually any medium. explore new paths with the essential vector tool produce vector artwork for all types of media using adobe illustrator cs3. discover dynamic new ways to explore apply and control color variations; work faster with new drawing tools and controls; and increase your efficiency using new document profiles and the crop area tool. take your graphics to the printed page websites video mobile devices and virtually everywhere you want to go. see for yourself how illustrator cs3 lets you explore new paths. use powerful precise creative tools quickly explore multiple design options with the powerful precise creative features in illustrator cs3. industry-standard drawing tools new color controls and a wealth of powerful effects enable greater creative productivity and the ability to easily experiment. use new live color to explore color harmonies and interactively apply color to any selection of objects. work faster by controlling path editing and point alignment in the control panel. and enhance your artwork with professional typography and transparent effects. work quickly and intuitively efficiently execute your ideas in illustrator cs3. with easier access to tools and options flexible and customizable workspaces and a wealth of timesaving features and shortcuts you can speed through design and production tasks. the enhanced control panel frees up screen space and puts more options at your fingertips while new document profiles provide a launch pad for video and other designs. whatever your final output destination you can create your artwork quickly and easily in illustrator cs3. enjoy tight integration streamline your design workflows by moving easily between illustrator cs3 and other adobe applications. leverage robust integration with adobe flash software for your web animations and preview mobile artwork in adobe device central cs3. use your vector designs as the basis of dvd menus titles and visual effects by moving them easily between illustrator and adobe motion and effects applications. and create reliable adobe pdf files with multiple pages and layers intact for high-quality printed output. audience benefit graphic designers--adobe illustrator cs3 software lets you create compelling vector graphics that remain sharp as you scale edit and output them to virtually any medium. instantly convert bitmaps to vector artwork paint intuitively explore color variations design with advanced typographic control and easily find the tools you need. rely on industry-standard drawing tools and tight integration with adobe photoshop cs3 adobe flash cs3 professional adobe indesign cs3 and other favorite applications to quickly realize your ideas. web and interactive designers--adobe illustrator cs3 software gives you the power to create compelling interactive vector graphics for rich online experiences. tight integration with adobe photoshop cs3 and adobe flash cs3 professional software enables you to easily design layouts and comps using industry-standard creative tools and then smoothly move files between applications for efficient authoring workflows to produce vector graphics that look sharp remain editable and go virtually anywhere. motion graphics and visual effects designers--adobe illustrator cs3 software delivers the tools you need to produce innovative motion graphics and visual effects. integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional adobe premiere pro cs3 and adobe encore cs3 software means you can use small efficient vector files as the foundation for your designs and a wealth of industry-standard drawing tools let you explore creative possibilities with ease. whether you create dvd menus or music videos station identities or special effects illustrator cs3 is an affordable efficient and powerful post-production tool. new in adobe illustrator cs3 live color explore apply and control color variations using live color which lets you select any artwork and interactively edit the colors to see results immediately. use the color guide panel to quickly choose tints shades or harmonious color combinations. adobe flash integration import native adobe illustrator files into flash cs3 professional or copy and paste artwork from illustrator to flash with paths anchor points gradients clipping masks and symbols intact. layers groups and object names are also preserved. drawing tools and controls draw in illustrator more quickly and fluidly than ever. easier and more flexible anchor point selection improved operating performance and a new eraser tool help you create artwork efficiently and intuitively. improved operating performance enjoy more responsive drawing and editing with improved performance in key operations including faster screen redraw object moving panning scaling and transformations. control panel discover more options faster and free up screen space by accessing anchor point controls clipping masks envelope distortions and more from the context-sensitive control panel. eraser tool quickly remove areas of artwork with the eraser tool as easily as you erase pixels in photoshop and enjoy complete control over the width shape and smoothness of the erasure. new document profiles create artwork easily by selecting prebuilt profiles for various types of media and save custom profiles that specify such setup parameters as artboard dimensions styles and color spaces. crop area tool define crop areas interactively for print or export. choose preset web ratios or video formats with safe areas and set crop marks intuitively. define multiple crop areas and easily move between them as needed. isolation mode edit objects in a group without disturbing other parts of your artwork. easily select hard-to-find objects without having to restack lock or hide layers. symbols for flash use symbols to animate repeated objects while keeping file sizes small. define and name symbol object attributes and preserve these properties when you take the artwork to flash cs3 professional for further editing. additional features live trace quickly and accurately convert photos scans or other bitmap images to editable and scalable vector paths using live trace. integration with adobe design applications speed your way through graphic designs and print production thanks to tight integration with adobe photoshop indesign and acrobat software. live paint easily paint any closed or partially closed area of your artwork with the live paint bucket which automatically detects and corrects gaps and lets you interactively select colors from a swatch palette for faster work. advanced typography easily create and control type with over 100 opentype fonts paragraph and character styles paragraph composition underline and strikethrough transparent effects and more. custom workspaces work more efficiently using custom workspaces that display only the panels you need for a specific task. save share or access any workspace at any time or use workspace presets. adobe pdf file creation tools create native adobe pdf files including multipage pdf files so clients and others can easily review your artwork using adobe acrobat or free adobe reader software. web and interactive tools easily create for the web and mobile devices using vector-based slicing tools robust integration with flash new document profiles for web and mobile designs the capability to preview mobile content in adobe device central and more. new document profiles for web and mobile devices select profiles for web or mobile devices that include prebuilt proportional crops symbols and more. save custom profiles for your projects and clients. save for web/mobile easily export using the save for web/mobile dialog box which lets you choose from html swf gif and jpeg formats along with color count compression file size mobile output and more. adobe device central cs3 create rich graphic content for mobile devices by using adobe device central cs3 to open a specific new document profile and then preview output using the save for web/mobile dialog box. integration with adobe motion and effects tools use your adobe illustrator artwork in adobe after effects projects adobe premiere pro video productions and adobe encore projects to create dvd titles animations effects and more. live color for motion and effects use live color to explore apply and control color variations for effects. quickly change colors in your artwork and automatically see the update in adobe after effects or adobe premiere pro software. new document profiles for motion and effects select prebuilt profiles that include video color profiles pixel aspect ratios transparency grids and aperture settings. save profiles with custom parameters. crop area tool for motion and effectsuse the crop area tool to define working areas on your artboard that are specific to your video aperture complete with safe-area guides. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 122 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: live color live trace live paint advanced typography user's manual... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1119 COL l_ltable.description VAL prey is a groundbreaking first-person shooter that turns the genre upside-down with new gameplay features and next generation graphics. breaking the traditional first-person shooter format prey introduces innovative gameplay elements including wall-walking portals spirit-walking and gravity flipping which allows for insane eight player deathmatches. prey tells the story of tommy a cherokee garage mechanic stuck on a reservation and going nowhere. his life changes when an otherworldly crisis forces him to awaken spiritual powers from his long-forgotten birthright. abducted along with his people to a menacing mothership orbiting earth he sets out to save himself and his girlfriend and ultimately his planet. multiplayer ­ multiplayer games take complete advantage of the unique gameplay styles of prey as players walk on the ceilings and walls while the map¹s gravity flips from side to side note - may require advanced video processing capabilities on your mac computer COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1055 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1164 COL l_ltable.description VAL adobe photoshop cs3 software accelerates your path from imagination to imagery. ideal for photographers graphic designers and web designers the professional standard delivers new features such as automatic layer alignment and blending that enable advanced compositing. live filters boost the comprehensive nondestructive editing toolset for increased flexibility. and a streamlined interface and new timesaving tools make your work flow faster. boost your productivity with a streamlined interface. the loupe tool in adobe bridge cs3 lets you easily zoom into the fine detail of any image. the new overlay preview and clone source palette let you preview transform and precisely position cloned areas in a single fluid process. zoomify export allows you to efficiently display even the highest resolution imagery over low bandwidth web connections. work more productively take advantage of a wide range of improvements designed to boost your productivity. experience native performance on intel based and powerpc macs and on microsoft windows xp and windows vista systems. maximize your workspace with a streamlined interface process raw images with increased speed and quality and manage assets more efficiently in the revamped adobe bridge cs3. and enjoy complete compatibility with adobe photoshop lightroom software (sold separately) so the changes you make to an image in one product will automatically appear in the other. edit with unrivaled power the comprehensive image-editing toolset in photoshop cs3 lets you correct and enhance your images with unmatched creative control. experiment more freely with nondestructive filters. manage and correct color more easily and convert color images to rich black-and-white with one click. retouch images with more powerful cloning and healing tools. and count on higher fidelity conversion when you merge a series of exposures into a 32-bit high dynamic range (hdr) image. composite with breakthrough tools photoshop cs3 offers a wealth of features that make compositing multiple images easier than ever before. create more accurate composites with new tools that automatically align and blend layers or images based on similar content. make an image selection with one brush stroke. perfect any selection edge in an easy-to-use intuitive dialog box. and merge multiple photos into a panorama with superior results. product highlights boost your productivity with a streamlined interface enhancements to raw-image processing and asset management workflows and more. experience unrivaled editing power with nondestructive filters more precise color-correction controls and more powerful cloning and healing tools. easily create rich composites using new tools for automatically aligning and blending layers and making quick selections. audience benefit professional photographers--with adobe photoshop cs3 software you can perfect all of your images with nondestructive filters and more powerful color-correction cloning and healing tools and you can create sophisticated composites more easily than ever with breakthrough tools for automatically aligning and blending layers making quick selections and more. serious amateur photographers--adobe photoshop cs3 software delivers everything you need to edit images with professional-quality results and offers a simplified user interface that makes learning and working in the program easier. print and web designers--adobe photoshop cs3 software delivers unrivaled power to edit images breakthrough capabilities for creating sophisticated image composites and the ability to output your final files to a broad range of formats for print and the web. photography students and educators--from raw-image processing retouching and compositing to final image output professional-standard adobe photoshop cs3 software offers a powerful solution for digital photography workflows. work more productively efficient and flexible work environment streamlined interface and palette management maximize screen space for editing while keeping essential tools accessible. palettes are now arranged in convenient self-adjusting docks that can be widened to full size or narrowed to icons or even a thin self-revealing strip at the edge of your monitor. faster more flexible asset management with adobe bridge cs3 organize and manage images more efficiently with adobe bridge cs3 software which now delivers improved performance a filter panel for easier searching the ability to group multiple images under a single thumbnail the loupe tool offline image browsing and more. custom menus shortcuts and workspaces set up and save custom menus keyboard shortcuts and workspaces for quick access to what you need. streamlined workflow better raw image processing process raw images with increased speed and superior conversion quality using the adobe photoshop camera raw plug-in which now adds support for jpeg and tiff formats; new tools including fill light and dust busting; compatibility with adobe photoshop lightroom software; and support for over 150 camera models. enhanced pdf support work more easily with adobe pdf-based content. precisely control the size of pdf pages opened in photoshop; add security controls and metadata such as copyright and exposure details to images within pdf presentations; and create a richer image display in pdf presentations and documents. adobe photoshop lightroom support jump from photoshop lightroom software to photoshop cs3 in one click for advanced editing of your digital photos. lightroom (sold separately) offers an efficient powerful way to import manage and present large volumes of digital images. improved printing experience experience better control over print quality with color management a larger print preview window and more controls in one place so you can print in fewer steps. improved printing controls co-developed by adobe and hp make printing easier and more predictable and streamline setup options via integration with select printers from hp epson and canon. presets make sophisticated color adjustments automatically with one-click presets in curves the channel mixer and the new black and white conversion dialog box. peak performance experience native performance on intel and powerpc based macintosh computers and on microsoft windows xp and windows vista systems. automated production automate common production tasks in a variety of ways. set up event-based scripts record a series of steps as an action for efficient batch processing and design repetitive graphics faster with variables. history palette and edit history log undo and redo any set of editing steps in an open image with the history palette and automatically track all editing steps within your files with the edit history log. export steps to a text file or save them as part of image metadata for easier documentation of your work file audits and more. wide range of supported formats import and export a wide range of file formats including psd bmp cineon jpeg jpeg2000 openexr png targa and tiff. adobe device central cs3 create compelling mobile content such as wallpapers and screensavers and then visually preview how it will render on mobile devices using the built-in adobe device central cs3. tune your designs for mobile screen sizes and lighting conditions. zoomify export for high-resolution web display take advantage of adobe flash and zoomify technology to export high-resolution images to the web for viewing through adobe flash player software. flash player displays your image quickly and efficiently letting viewers zoom in on details with minimal delay. third-party solutions and resources take advantage of a wealth of additional resources--including software plug-ins books and training--from the longstanding community of expert photoshop developers authors and trainers. auto-align layers can automatically connect a series of photos into a panorama (left). auto-blend layers can then seamlessly blend lighting and texture to complete the perfect composite image (right). edit with unrivaled power maximize screen space for editing while keeping essential tools accessible. faster performance highest quality conversion and new lighting controls are some of the new hallmarks of camera raw in photoshop cs3. simple intuitive point-and-click monochrome conversion is yours with the new black and white adjustment. the new print interface in photoshop cs3 gathers all of the options you need in one easier-to-use dialog box. nondestructive editing smart filters add adjust and remove filters from an image without having to resave the image or start over to preserve quality. nondestructive smart filters allow you to visualize changes without altering original pixel data. smart objects perform nondestructive scaling rotating and warping of raster and vector graphics with smart objects. even preserve the editability of vector data from adobe illustrator software. professional color and tone control color-correction enhancements take advantage of precision color correction made faster and easier. brightness/contrast now provides better results from the same intuitive interface and enhanced curves controls let you make automatic adjustments with included presets or those you create; convert to black-and-white with point sliders; and use a histogram color channel lines and a clipping preview. black-and-white conversion easily convert color images to rich black-and-white and adjust tonal values and tints with a new tool. experiment with the included black-and-white presets or create and save your own custom presets to achieve the best results. improved channel mixer take advantage of new functionality and a host of presets that make the channel mixer easier to use for black-and-white conversion. enhanced 32-bit high dynamic range (hdr) support create and edit 32-bit images and combine multiple exposures into a single 32-bit image that preserves the full range of a scene--from the deepest shadows to the brightest highlights. new image processing and alignment algorithms deliver superior results. intelligent image editing and enhancement more powerful cloning and healing tools experience greater control when retouching images with cloning tools and the healing brush. see source pixels under your tool or brush for more precise positioning; preview changes to source content live; and set multiple source points scale and rotate in the new clone source palette. rich painting and drawing toolset create or modify images with a wide assortment of professional fully customizable paint settings artistic brushes and drawing tools. enhanced vanishing point take perspective-based editing to a new level with the enhanced vanishing point which lets you create multiple planes in an image connect them at any angle and then wrap graphics text and images around them to create packaging mock-ups and more. composite with breakthrough tools easy compositing and selecting advanced compositing create more accurate composites by automatically aligning multiple photoshop layers or images based on similar content. the auto-align layers command quickly analyzes details and moves rotates or warps layers to align them perfectly and the auto-blend layers command blends the color and shading to create a smooth editable result. improved photomerge technology take advantage of refined photomerge technology which uses new layer-alignment and layer-blending capabilities to let you automatically stitch horizontal or vertical photos into seamless panoramas. quick selection and refine edge tools make selections in a snap. loosely draw on an image area and the quick selection tool automatically completes the selection for you. then fine-tune your selections with the refine edge tool. flexible layers composite images text and effects on hundreds of layers for extraordinarily sophisticated results. organize layers with up to five levels of nesting and save in different combinations as layer comps. which edition of photoshop cs3 is right for you? photoshop cs3 is available in two editions--photoshop cs3 and photoshop cs3 extended--to meet the diverse needs of professionals in a wide range of fields. adobe photoshop cs3 adobe photoshop cs3 extended builds on photoshop cs2 with dozens of improvements increased productivity with a streamlined interface camera raw enhancements next-generation adobe bridge cs3 and zoomify export unrivaled editing power with live filters more precise color correction easier black-and-white conversion and more powerful cloning and healing tools breakthrough compositing with automatic layer alignment and blending capabilities easier selections and improved photomerge® technology 3d and motion support with the ability to edit 3d content and incorporate it into 2d compositions paint and clone over multiple video frames and more comprehensive image analysis with new image measurement and counting tools COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 220 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 512mb ram 64mb vram 2gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card dvd-rom drive internet or ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 823 COL l_ltable.description VAL design the perfect project for every occasion and any holiday ? from scrapbook pages and small business materials to school projects and professional-quality greeting cards. save time and money using print workshop's suite of powerful tools typically only found in more expensive programs. let your imagination run wild! it's as easy as...1. choose your project template; 2. select your art and add your own personal touch; 3. print your creation or post it online. print workshop's photo studio suite gives you all of the tools you need to turn your photos into personal works of art. correct red-eye re-center images and edit images for every project select custom filters to change your favorite photos create unique photo borders. create fun photo gifts instantly design your own photo calendars flip books collages slide shows and photo bouquets or create an online photo album to share your pictures with family and friends. send your favorite photos to your cell phone. cd/dvd burning photo gifts improved! web publishing stretch rotate & resize tools / drawing & layout tools integrated avery compatible templates for pc running windows 98 - me - 2000 - xp COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL valusoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1266 COL r_rtable.description VAL overview do you need to permanently remove all the data from your hard drive? if you are selling donating giving away or disposing of your computer you are vulnerable to identity theft. even if you are simply reassigning your computer to another ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 783 COL l_ltable.description VAL chord display / create your own chords / digital tuner / charts / scales / complete reference from beginner to advanced COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL global software publishing 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2628 COL r_rtable.description VAL overview this musicalis reference program is the complete and indispensable tool for all levels of guitar players from beginner to expert. the guitar is a limitless instrument with countless harmonic possibilities and this program is a unique tool ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 163 COL l_ltable.description VAL lights!&nbsp; camera!&nbsp; interactive!product informationthe leap from camcorder photography to cinematic presentation is really a simplestep with simple movie maker the novice-friendly editing software that puts youin the director's chair. effortlessly COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 867 COL r_rtable.description VAL leap from camcorder photography to cinematic presentation. aa simple step with simple movie maker the novice-friendly editing software that puts you in the director's chair. effortlessly transfer your raw digital camcorder footage to your computer ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1082 COL l_ltable.description VAL there's a difference from reading the bible and studying the bible. quickverse bible study 2007 bible suite is a useful guide to help you get more from the bible. with a built-in translator for key hebrew and greek words you derive more meaning from the original text. new notes - note indicators now mark every position in the table of contents in all books - you'll always know note positions in every book! autosave now saves notes automatically as you move through any/all books - even if you forget custom bible views - you can now select one standard display format for all bibles advanced search engine allows you to search words/phrases/book chapter verse references greek and hebrew (including morphological searching). search one or more multiple books with combined results more high-res photos and intuitive maps COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL findex 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1714 COL r_rtable.description VAL bible scholars pastors teachers group leaders students and new believers will all harness the power of computer bible study and achieve instant results with quickverse! from greek/hebrew word study to simple daily reading plans -- quickverse ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 731 COL l_ltable.description VAL the sims complete collection includes the sims and all seven expansion packs -- all in one convenient package. an entire world of sims awaits your quirky command. it's your neighborhood they're your sims and whether they prosper or perish is completely up to you! with the sims - unleashed you'll add a furry friend to your sims family. housebreak your pets train them to do tricks buy them toys and do your best to keep them from destroying the house! the sims - superstar lets you experience the lifestyles of the rich and famous and guide your sims to superstardom. become a movie star rocker or supermodel and spend your cash on extravagant new items for your home. in the sims - makin' magic you'll cast spells hypnotize friends and even turn a neighbor into a frog. but watch out spells can go haywire if you're not careful. the neighborhood will never be the same! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 383 COL r_rtable.description VAL startopia takes gamers to a once thriving galactic network of starships space stations and planets left lifeless with redundant scars of the apocalypse. as stationmaster your mission is to rebuild the abandoned space stations reunite the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1232 COL l_ltable.description VAL elementary school advantage 2008 was specially developed to supplement classroom curriculum by including award-winning content that support state testing standards. in-depth lessons with sample problems and questions teach reinforce and track student progress in the core subjects. this award-winning content supports state testing standards and best of all it's easy to use & understand. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 981 COL r_rtable.description VAL easily learn to read write and speak spanish with spanish advantage 2007. includes over 140 lessons more than 1000 vocabulary words and phrases and fun interactive games. also includes pronunciation coaching and conjugation. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1316 COL l_ltable.description VAL you've never been in jeopardy! like this before. choose money tiles in various categories and give the question to which each clue is the answer. enjoy the full tv-game experience with more puzzles and double jeopardy. full-screen mode for distraction-free gaming COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1026 COL r_rtable.description VAL photoshow deluxe makes it easy to turn ordinary photos into dynamic multimedia slide shows complete with captions embellishments and music. it lets you preserve and share the magic of family gatherings vacation adventures special celebrations ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 923 COL l_ltable.description VAL microsoft outlook 2007 is a comprehensive time and information manager for your busy digital life. you'll never have problems with personal information again. take control of the tools you need to prioritize organize and search. schedule and block off time to follow up on items manage your daily priorities and use windows sharepoint services technology to manage every aspect of your digital life more effectively. manage your shared information and content in one interface through sharepoint services -- documents calendars contacts tasks and other information are easier than ever to handle stay safe from junk mail and phishing web sites - the improved junk e-mail filter and has added new features that disable links and warn you about threatening content within an e-mail message color-code your information for easier organization -- it's a simple visual way to distinguish items from one another manage all your blogs to rss feeds directly through outlook 2007 new attachment preview helps you see your office outlook 2007 attachments with one click directly in the reading pane saving you time and effort COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1222 COL r_rtable.description VAL microsoft excel 2007 is a powerful tool to create and format spreadsheets and analyze and share information. it offers a new improved user interface to let you easily create and format spreadsheets and charts in fewer clicks.this new version of ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 3 COL l_ltable.description VAL chef takes on the role of game show host in a wild multiplayer match featuring all your favorite south park characters! compete with your friends in dozens of minigames that test your south park gaming skills! it's no mystery why they call south park: chef's luv shack the greatest party game ever! is there anything this game doesn't do? in addition to being a really fun and surprisingly challenging trivia contest this game features well over a dozen minigames that draw upon some of the greatest gaming genres ever created. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL acclaim 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 240 COL r_rtable.description VAL compete with your friends in dozens of mini-games that test your south park gaming skills! it features dozens of incredibly fun mini-games! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 117 COL l_ltable.description VAL with instant immersion 33 languages brings you step-by-step instructions to turn you into a fluent speaker of nearly every major world language! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 124 COL r_rtable.description VAL topics entertainment instant immersion 33 languages with the step-by-step instruction in 33 native tongues making up instant immersion 33 languages your only dilemma is deciding which language you want to speak first! windows mac & xp pc COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 25 COL l_ltable.description VAL startopia takes gamers to a once-thriving galactic network of starships space stations and planets left lifeless with redundant scars of the apocalypse. you will lead the way in rebuilding the network of space stations that once served the commerce and communication of the old empire--reuniting the surviving alien peoples under one banner. startopia gives you the opportunity to rebuild and successfully maintain a series of giant torus (donut) space stations scattered across the galaxy. they will provide a suitable home for the many alien races that inhabit space and perhaps turn a tidy profit for you in the process. of course there are plenty of other enterprising individuals out there with the same goals not to mention there are many hazards that exist in deep space. a number of different life forms and organizations are developing competing stations and it will only be a matter of time before you'll need to confront your opponents. will you use economic or military means to force out your opponents? you decide. startopia features nine primary character races each with a unique look and function. each inhabitant is an individual character with unique moods desires personal histories and humorous character animations. it's a fully functioning alien society with racial animosity and friendships crime and punishment leisure and entertainment and a functioning economy. the unique torus play area gives a viewpoint never before seen in a game. the bio-deck has an editable landscape and a manageable ecosystem allowing you complete control of terraforming. multiplayer support for up to three other stationmasters and simple and intuitive command of security forces can conflict with other players or defend your station against alien threats. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL eidos interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1243 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1318 COL l_ltable.description VAL jeopardy! is one of the all-time tv game shows and now it's available on your computer. choose money tiles in various categories -- behind each one is the answer to a question. can you guess what the question is? enjoy the full tv-game experience with more puzzles and double jeopardy. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 609 COL r_rtable.description VAL race vehicles on courses you design! get ready for rugged racing on 4 different terrains - desert tundra jungle and the country. you can design and build the track - right down to wild obstacles for crashing. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1262 COL l_ltable.description VAL the most comprehensive and easy-to-use program to keep your children safe while they surf the web. you control individual settings for each child. parental control software: keep your children safe from internet threats filter objectionable web content and record all websites that each child visits manage your child s computer and internet time schedule and limit chat game playing or other programs receive email reports for all monitored activities lockdown access to windows settings automatically log your child off at bedtime compatible with windows vista& 153; settings can be configured from any pc on your network system requirements: os: windows 2000 windows xp windows vista cpu: 133 mhz minimum memory: 128 mb ram disk: 5 mb format: win 98 me 2000 xp vista COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL webroot software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1022 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 312 COL l_ltable.description VAL acrobat 7.0 professional is the advanced way to create control and deliver more secure high-quality pdf documents. assemble electronic or paper files - even web sites engineering drawings and e-mail - into reliable pdfs that are easy to share with others using free adobe reader 7.0 software. enjoy improved performance as you quickly convert collect and organize adobe pdf documents. extend comment capabilities for more active participation in reviews improved attachment capabilities - attach spreadsheets multimedia files images and drawings to an adobe pdf document protect sensitive and confidential documents inside and outside the firewall online and offline use password protection to restrict access to documents with 128-bit encryption set document permissions and restrict which pdf documents can be printed or changed sign electronic documents using digital signatures COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 865 COL r_rtable.description VAL adobe acrobat 7.0 professional is the advanced way to control create and deliver more secure high-quality adobe pdf documents. assemble paper or electronic files web sites engineering drawings and e-mail into reliable pdf documents that are ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1314 COL l_ltable.description VAL first person shooter offers fast paced 2d and 3d action as you kill terrorists bent on destruction / esrb m mature (blood violence) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2943 COL r_rtable.description VAL boostxp by allume - maximum pc performance! now anyone can keep their computer in peak condition! boost performance protect your pc clean-up clutter customize your pc. key benefits boost performance the most thorough way to tune-up your pc. improve ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 226 COL l_ltable.description VAL whether you're an avid family historian or a complete novice family tree maker collectible edition version 11.2 will help you create detailed family trees books web sites reports and more. fill them with personal photos and family memorabilia. record your information now so you can pass on a treasured legacy in the future! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1046 COL r_rtable.description VAL build and complete your family tree with the family tree maker 16 collectors edition from encoreâ?¢. in just three steps you can have your familyâ??s entire details compiled organized and ready to share. first use information you already know and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 355 COL l_ltable.description VAL restricted area is an incredible combination of action gaming and deep role-playing. four very different people meet as they're trying to change their lives. choose one of these four to play -- and enter their dystopian world for a complex twisting story that involves a dark secret and a very large corporation. the advanced ai uses group tactics to react to your character's visible strength the weapon in their hands and more -- you'll have to think to survive cooperative multiplayer mode COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL whiptail 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2324 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. because the iriscard pro is a twain scanner you can also digitize your 4x6 pictures much COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1081 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony media software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 382 COL r_rtable.description VAL you've watched the excitement of er now experience it firsthand! as the new er intern at chicago's county general hospital your career starts out easily enough as you treat a manageable number of patients sporting minor cuts and bruises. however ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 894 COL l_ltable.description VAL sony media software vegas 6 COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony pictures home entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 338 COL r_rtable.description VAL covers what the basic beginner needs to know about playing the drums. step-by-step video lessons and a guide to reading music! the interactive guide will show you how to get started from selecting the right drum set to playing beats and rolls that ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1113 COL l_ltable.description VAL apple designed the ipod experience in a ?walled garden' format funneling users to their itunes store to buy their music and make it difficult to buy music elsewhere. podmaxx ?07 offers a real solution to this problem enabling ipod owners to buy music anywhere they like for the best price no matter how eclectic their taste. not only can podmaxx ?07 let ipod owners buy ipod music anywhere you can also copy music and playlists from any ipod to their pc create free ringtones from any music fil collection transfer any dvd to their ipod burn music to cd directly from any ipod turn an ipod into a portable hard drive to backup valuable data sync email and contacts (including outlook) view the latest news weather movie start times and their locations ? all with one application. podmaxx ?07 is the perfect digital music companion for itunes and your ipod. podmaxx ?07 organizes your music videos and photos and fixes mislabeled songs. rip and watch your dvd movies anywhere. read your email on your morning commute. burn cds right off any ipod connected to your pc. use your ipod as portable storage device and backup your pc. burn audio cds straight from any ipod - not only can you copy everything off your ipod back to your pc but you can also burn any music files from your ipod striaght to cd. podmaxx automatically formats the files for burning to the cd format that plays in any cd player carry hours of dvd movies in your pocket burn files to cd straight off their ipod protect music collections from loss with full pc backup carry news weather movie info backup an entire pc system requirements - windows 2000 or xp; itunes 4.7 or later installed; microsoft. net framework 1.1 installed supports apple ipod - mini (4 & 6 gb) as well as all 10 20 & 60 gb ipods and nano COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL bling 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1294 COL r_rtable.description VAL compose edit and direct your own videos touch up your photos create your own slideshows mix your mp3s and enjoy all of them on your ipod(r) with podmediacreator. automatic formatting and 1-click transfer makes sending them to your ipod a snap. ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 164 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2943 COL r_rtable.description VAL boostxp by allume - maximum pc performance! now anyone can keep their computer in peak condition! boost performance protect your pc clean-up clutter customize your pc. key benefits boost performance the most thorough way to tune-up your pc. improve ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 648 COL l_ltable.description VAL easy-to-use experiments and highly accurate simulations with over 40 reproducible lab worksheets to help build an understanding of reflection and mirrors refraction and lenses and colors. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL edmark 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 47 COL r_rtable.description VAL easy-to-use experiments and highly accurate simulations with over 40 reproducible lab worksheets to help build an understanding of reflection and mirrors refraction and lenses and colors. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 894 COL l_ltable.description VAL sony media software vegas 6 COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony pictures home entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1192 COL r_rtable.description VAL step back in time and step out in style with the bratz and see how it all began as they express themselves with that unique sense of style and lots of baby brattitude. take part in loads of fun adventures as you help cloe jade sasha and yasmin ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 879 COL l_ltable.description VAL the print shop deluxe edition 22 gives you all the tools you need to design and publish professional business materials creative projects and web pages. a wealth of photo manipulation tools at your fingertips helps you get closer to the final product. see all that you can do with print shop design suite. with the deluxe edition you can express your creativity promote your business design your own web site and much more all from one place. your complete source for designing powerful publications for all of your home and business needs pro publisher deluxe edition lets you create banners letterhead business cards postcards and more. find out which version of the print shop is right for you. 22 000 templates and 350 000 graphics at your fingertips with 22 000 pre-designed project templates to choose from it's easy to start your next project from scratch. deluxe edition features flexible design and layout tools more than 700 fonts a complete logo creator and several professional quality printing options that will help you tailor your projects to your precise needs. you can design layouts for multimedia presentations letterhead business cards greeting cards forms multi-page brochures stationery sets cd/dvd labels newsletters and much more. a multi-page booklet template helps you create exciting projects including programs menus informational pamphlets brochures and more. you can even turn your family's history into a work of art with the unique and fun-to-use family tree templates! deluxe edition offers a wider variety of paper sizes with several new templates including 4x6 inches for notecards and postcard 11x17 inch pages and square 6x6 8x8 and 12x12 page sizes. when it's time to add the perfect image to your project deluxe edition features a gallery for more than 400 000 premium images (including 2 500 getty images) that include photos graphics illustrations web art backgrounds and textures seasonal images and more. you'll always have the ideal template and the perfect image to complete your project. the program also includes 2 900 sentiments so you'll have the precise tools to add the perfect phrase or quote to your design. you can find the perfect project or image template every time with advanced search tools. an advanced search function lets you conveniently search by type tone category or keyword. when you purchase deluxe edition you also receive six months of free access to the million image club where you will find even more images to complement your designs. advanced design and print tools a convenient pdf tool lets you easily convert your projects and images into pdf files for easy sharing while maintaining high resolution and color accuracy. you also have access to tools that let you create sophisticated web pages with no html coding skills required. simple drag-and-drop capabilities allow you to move images and text to where you want them. some of the advanced html features include dynamic web templates rollover effects hotspots online form creation and spell check. professional graphic tools give you the power to manipulate your images so that you can take your business communications to the next level. with deluxe edition you'll master tools that let you create and edit vector art create 3-d shapes add 3-d texture effects and even draw using pastel charcoal and watercolor. and when it's time to print deluxe edition offers the advantages of several professional print options such as borderless printing and printing directly on printable cds/dvds. you can print multiple labels with a variety of images or text simultaneously on one sheet -- a feature that's perfect for mass mailings or customizing a variety of labels with ease. you can even personalize your ipod skin with your favorite photo pictures of your friends a cool design or more. these are only some of the many ways that deluxe edition can help you business grow and your personal projects thrive. the possibilities are endless; the only limit with deluxe edition is your imagination. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1876 COL r_rtable.description VAL overview when you're ready to add a creative touch to your photos and other digital images then print shop 21 deluxe is for you. with over 320000 images and graphics plus another 17500 project templates print shop 21 deluxe gives you everything ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 866 COL l_ltable.description VAL quicken premier 2007 contains everything in quicken basic and deluxe -- plus tools to monitor your net worth optimize your investments and save on taxes. get the help you need to invest plan and prosper in minutes. track your accounts and investments (stocks bonds mutual funds iras and more) all in one place. download credit card banking and brokerage transactions - quicken works with over 3 500 financial institutions. compare your investment performance to the market indexes and get alerts on tax-saving opportunities to improve after-tax returns. plus you'll explore more tax-efficient investments; and make tax time easier with schedule a b and d tax reports. maximize earnings and minimize tax impact to prepare for college tuition a new home retirement and more COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL intuit 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 12 COL r_rtable.description VAL quicken 2007 premier win cd COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL intuit 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 608 COL l_ltable.description VAL sharks terrors of the deep demonstrates the latest look and capabilities of this hot screensaver. dynamic backgrounds realistic movement and amazing animation are the latest enhancements brings the aquatic world to life. you'll swear you feel those massive tails brush you as they cruise by! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1027 COL r_rtable.description VAL act! 2007 is a contact and customer manager that helps you make contact build relationships and get results. act! enables you to instantly access key contact and customer information manage and prioritize activities and track all contact-related ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 122 COL l_ltable.description VAL appleworks 6.2 gives you the tools of a professional artist and the convenience of the mac operating system! integrates seamlessly with quicktime to add animation and video clips to your online or digital documents stage a perfect presentation with 26 smooth slideshow transitions COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1114 COL r_rtable.description VAL contents: cd-rom containing appleworks 6.2.9 software and electronic documentation getting started manual installation manual quick reference card requirements an apple computer with a powerpc processor 24mb of physical ram with virtual memory set ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 815 COL l_ltable.description VAL pitstop pro 7.0 COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL enfocus software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 57 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. providing a seamless realtime workflow supporting all video acquisition ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 414 COL l_ltable.description VAL acid pro 5 puts total composition and editing power in the hands of the producer. it's the first loop-based music creation application for almost any level of musical expertise. it's got all the features you need to produce truly professional results. includes more than 1 000 loops from the sony sound series - loops & samples collection plus the native instrument xpress keyboards vsti soft synth bundle COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2075 COL r_rtable.description VAL featuring ez play today notation. turbo music (software). general midi software. book & disk package. 9x12 inches. 48 pages. published by turbo music. you're the star! packs include fully-orchestrated accompaniments on disk for each song in the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1249 COL l_ltable.description VAL tell your story with maximum impact using adobe premiere pro cs3 software the start-to-finish solution for efficient video production that now includes adobe encore cs3 and adobe onlocation cs3 formerly the award-winning dv rack hd. save time from on-set capture using adobe onlocation through to output expand your creative options via integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop and deliver your content to dvd blu-ray disc the web and mobile devices. the powerful editing finishing and delivery tools in adobe premiere pro are now available on both mac and windows operating systems. capture edit and deliver to video dvd and the web adobe premiere pro cs3 software available for both mac and windows streamlines the entire video production process from direct-to-disk recording through editing to final delivery for tape disc the web and mobile devices. adobe premiere pro cs3 redefines productivity and flexibility for capturing editing and delivering video content. video professionals want to concentrate on storytelling--not on the nuts and bolts of production--and adobe premiere pro cs3 frees you to focus on telling your story. maximize image quality and work faster during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 software (requires windows and boot camp for mac ) included with adobe premiere pro to calibrate cameras monitor video signals and record directly to disk--all during the shoot. edit every major video format from dv to hd and beyond with adobe premiere pro cs3. improve efficiency and creativity with new workflow and new visual effects features. save time and expand creative options through tight integration with other adobe software including adobe after effects cs3 and adobe photoshop cs3. adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you author once and then output to blu-ray disc dvd and flash swf for the web. adobe premiere pro supports additional delivery platforms including flash and mobile devices letting you reach the widest audience possible. audience benefit corporate and government video producers--adobe premiere pro cs3 provides the tools you need to ensure excellent production values while working quickly to stay on schedule. edit with precise control add stunning effects and move content smoothly to adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop for even more creative control. streamline the review process with adobe clip notes and output to multiple formats quickly and easily to reach more people everywhere. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you communicate with high-quality video and imagery even with tight budgets and looming deadlines. export adobe encore cs3 projects as dvd blu-ray disc or flash. when you export as flash encore generates html flv and swf files that provide dvd-style chapter selection playback and interactivity through the flash player. event videographers--small crews and tight deadlines mean you need to work fast even while clients demand higher and higher production values. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you capture events directly to disc with included adobe onlocation cs3; work fast with precision editing tools including support for editing multicam shots; create compelling effects via tight integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop cs3; and use the included copy of adobe encore cs3 to deliver content however your clients need it whether on dvd blu-ray disc the web or mobile devices. independent filmmakers--your passion is storytelling. your challenge is finding the right software to handle every aspect of the production process and deliver hollywood-quality imagery. adobe premiere pro cs3 meets this need with a complete toolset for capturing footage direct-to-disc editing imagery and creating titles in post-production producing dvds and delivering web-ready content to promote your films on the internet. and with the included video workshop and training materials you'll have help through every stage of production. post-production boutiques--enjoy advanced editing tools as well as the uncompromised image quality and real-time performance you need in professional broadcast and film post-production. work with all major formats enjoy powerful effects and media management tools get unparalleled integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop software and increase efficiency with workflow enhancements such as adobe clip notes. with adobe premiere pro cs3 and adobe encore cs3 you can deliver your work in the format your client needs from adobe flash video through dvd and blu-ray disc to uncompressed hd. educators and students--adobe premiere pro cs3 offers a complete set of post-production tools that let you handle all aspects of filmmaking and post-production cost effectively from capturing and editing footage to creating titles dvds and promotional materials such as websites that feature video content. use flexible tools to express your creativity work with any file format on both windows and macintosh platforms and deliver your work across multiple media. what's new in adobe premiere pro cs3k dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. high-quality slow motion with time remapping create dramatic slow- and fast-motion effects without exporting clips to another application. with precise keyframe control real-time feedback and excellent quality from advanced frame blending you can slow things down without compromising quality. or generate even better in-between frames through pixel-motion analysis with the timewarp effect. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3 save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. adobe encore cs3 projects for the web with one click easily create adobe flash versions of your dvd and blu-ray disc projects for the web. use adobe encore cs3 to create flash content complete with dvd interactivity and menus without learning flash programming. multiple project windows with smart file search find files faster with search tools that instantly update their results list as you type. sort and organize assets into multiple project windows each with its own graphical or text view setting. display and handle media files making project management easier and more efficient. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. create stunning slow-motion and other retiming effects directly in the timeline by setting and moving time remapping keyframe markers. improve the look of your video with the three-way color corrector and the other precision color-correction tools in adobe premiere pro. improved editing efficiency work faster with powerful and flexible editing tools. play video with nested audio sequences in real time without rendering. replace any clip in the timeline with a new clip while preserving the replaced clip's editing attributes and settings. use shortcuts to switch between workspace panels and save time. output for mobile devices make your video viewable on the latest delivery platforms. encode video for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and simulate playback on those devices to check video quality. download profile updates to simulate the latest devices. flash video export with markers converted to cue points encode video and audio for flash projects and web playback with direct flash video (flv) export. adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline markers become flash cue points that trigger interactivity and navigation. create flash video with ease. improve efficiency and incorporate a tapeless workflow during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to monitor your camera's video signal and record it directly to a computer hard drive. additional features efficient tools for creative editing create high-quality visual and editorial effects directly within the editing timeline. generate slow motion and other time-remapping effects with precise keyframe control and real-time feedback. add color correction lighting and other effects audio filters and more with fast flexible and built-in tools. edit footage from multicam shoots with ease and precision. comprehensive video format compatibility work with the formats you want. edit all standard- or high-definition formats from dv through hdv to hd and beyond (some formats may require additional hardware). broad range of supporting hardware and software for mac and windows choose from a wide range of mac and windows workstations and capture cards to build the editing system that exactly meets your needs and budget. enhance your system with additional plug-ins including many from adobe after effects software. dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. superior integration with other adobe applications make the leading still and motion graphics applications adobe photoshop and after effects part of an efficient post-production workflow. import and animate photoshop layers. automatically create photoshop files that match the current project's frame size and aspect ratio. drag and drop or copy and paste clips and timelines between adobe premiere pro cs3 and after effects cs3 professional. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3 save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. delivery to the web and mobile devices make your video viewable on today's and tomorrow's delivery platforms. export as adobe flash video (flv). easily convert dvd projects complete with menus to flash swf files for web playback. encode for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and emulate playback on those devices to check playback quality. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. multicam editing view multiple video tracks from a multiple-camera shoot easily sync via timecode and edit by switching between tracks in real time. rerecord sections of your edit make fine adjustments using all the standard timeline editing tools and easily adjust color correction across multiple shots even after editing. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. mac os x compatibility use adobe premiere pro cs3 on the latest intel based macintosh computers. aaf and edl import/export exchange project metadata with major video film and audio applications via industry-standard advanced authoring format (aaf) aaf with edit protocol and edit decision list (edl) files (aaf import/export for windows only). comprehensive vtr support control video decks through rs-422 and rs-232 serial protocols or firewire for precise batch capturing recapturing and insert editing. file management with adobe bridge work more efficiently by using adobe bridge cs3 to search for and access your project files preview and apply settings run batch processes and tag assets with xmp metadata. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 71 COL r_rtable.description VAL adobe premiere pro cs3 mac. make every frame count with adobe premiere pro software the essential tool for professional video editing. capture and edit virtually any format from dv to uncompressed hd and output to tape dvd and the web. providing ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 516 COL l_ltable.description VAL piano wizard premier combines the fun of a video game with the fundamentals of piano lessons. that means your child can sit up to a keyboard today and play anything from bach to bon jovi. what once felt like practice now feels like play. what's more you will never tire of the game. children choose from four different fantasy worlds to play in. they can change the speed the instrument sounds the skill level and more. and in addition to the midi songs that come standard with piano wizard premier thousands more can be downloaded from internet libraries. with piano wizard premier your child can download and play any midi song from virtually any artist whether classical pop rock country or alternative. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL re:launch 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1643 COL r_rtable.description VAL piano wizard? is an amazingly simple pc video game that teaches virtually anyone to play the piano in minutes. includes software 200 songs/lessons colored stickers and usb/midi cable to connect a midi keyboard. add 1000?s of songs with the p COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 925 COL l_ltable.description VAL office onenote 2007 is a digital notebook that provides one place to gather notes and information powerful search capabilities to find what you're looking for quickly and easy-to-use shared notebooks to help manage information overload and work with others more effectively. as an integrated part of the 2007 microsoft office system onenote 2007 makes it easy to gather organize find and share your notes and information more efficiently and effectively. powerful search capabilities can help you locate information from text within pictures or from spoken words in audio and video recordings. and easy-to-use collaborative tools help teams work together with all of this information in shared notebooks whether online or offline. plus the familiar look and feel of the microsoft office system makes it easy to start using the program right away minimizing wasted time and training costs. gather all of your information in office onenote 2007. view larger. gather and organize everything in one place with so much information coming your way--and in so many different forms--you need one place to keep it all and a tool that's flexible enough to capture it. otherwise information that could have been used to help make better decisions or make you more efficient is lost or difficult to find. unlike paper-based systems word processing programs e-mail systems or other productivity programs onenote 2007 delivers the flexibility to gather and organize text pictures digital handwriting audio and video recordings and more--all in one digital notebook on your computer. this software can help you become more productive by keeping the information you need at your fingertips and reducing time spent searching for information across e-mail messages paper notebooks file folders and printouts. save time by consolidating information taking notes on paper and transcribing them later can be time-consuming and difficult and you run the risk of losing important pages. in addition it's difficult to share data kept in a conventional paper notebook and they're only good for capturing one kind of information: handwritten notes. when it's time to gather information from other sources and in different ways other difficulties can arise. for instance because most people don't have a way of digitally capturing unstructured information they often print out web research and store information in file folders or on desks which is difficult to find later and inaccessible when you're away. and sharing information with others can be challenging--even when using e-mail it can be hard to hard to figure out what the plan is without reading through long e-mail threads that may or may not contain the information you need. onenote 2007 however gives you a solution with a flexible software program that enables you to gather virtually any type of information in one place. with your information readily available you can be more prepared and informed. quickly find what you need with onenote 2007 finding information is easy and fast because it eliminates the guesswork of figuring out where you stored critical information. no more clicking through file folders and sorting through pages of paper notebooks to find the information you're looking for. powerful search features give you the ability to locate information quickly while allowing you to search across new types of content like text in scanned documents or images and spoken words in audio and video recordings. with easier access to the facts you and your teammates can make better decisions. with office onenote 2007 your team can work together more effectively. view larger. protect your intellectual property onenote 2007 helps you consolidate various types of information--including freeform notes images documents files from other microsoft office system programs and rich media--and organize it in the way that works best for you. and because it keeps everything in one place you don't have to worry about frequently saving or creating backups of your information--onenote 2007 does this for you. ideal for businesses if you're attending an important meeting and don't want to rely on your memory simply take meeting notes in onenote 2007 to create a living repository of group decisions and brainstorming sessions that adds continuity and context to subsequent meetings. you can also catch all the details of customer calls and meetings by synchronizing typed or handwritten notes with office onenote 2007 audio and video recordings. if you're working outside of the office gather information on your microsoft windows mobile powered devices (including notes audio recordings and pictures) and transfer it to onenote 2007. and when it's time to share data with your colleagues take advantage of onenote 2007's export application programming interface to easily transfer information gathered in onenote 2007 to your company's business systems and in so doing reduce errors and wasted time spent rekeying the same information in different systems. need to copy paste or print information from and into other 2007 microsoft office system programs? it's no problem with onenote; this software lets you access and exchange information in word excel outlook and powerpoint. you can even use onenote 2007's drawing tools and tables to annotate and easily organize and manage information. find what you're looking for quickly using office onenote 2007. view larger. search and link options onenote 2007 lets you search and find keywords quickly within text in images and in audio recordings made within the application. you can also view hyperlinked search results in a summary task pane; a single click takes you to relevant results. for added convenience view all open notebooks at once use drag-and-drop functionality to easily arrange and rearrange your notes and add hyperlinks to other pages in your notebook to quickly find relevant content. manage tasks easily with two-way synchronization between onenote 2007 and the 2003 and 2007 versions of outlook or link notes and other information to specific outlook 2007 or outlook 2003 contacts to help you better prepare for meetings and recall information easily. if you want to underscore a particularly important point date or other piece of information mark notes with note tags visually rich icons that make it easier to return to reminders to-dos and other action items. work together more effectively with team members working from different locations and on multiple projects communication coordination and information sharing can challenge group effectiveness and productivity. teams often rely on e-mail messages to share information causing confusion and bloated e-mail inboxes. tasks action items agendas and issues stored within static documents or document management systems are difficult to update track and access and they prevent multiple people from working with the same information at the same time. onenote 2007 helps people work together better by eliminating roadblocks that arise when information is isolated in paper notes or file folders or on one person's computer. groups can share information easily work more productively and keep track of projects issues and goals more effectively. individuals can work together from the same notebook--whether online or offline--using shared notebooks. onenote2007 manages changes made to the same notebook eliminating the need to track versions or upload changes. you can also create a team knowledge base so that everyone has access to the same information helping to get new team members up to speed quickly and minimizing duplicate efforts. share notes even with non-onenote 2007 users by sending your notes as html so that anyone with an e-mail client or web browser can view them and stay in control of your information by choosing which notebooks to share with your teammates and which to keep private and help ensure privacy with password protection. you can even use onenote 2007 as a shared digital whiteboard enabling virtual teams to work together in real time viewing and editing the same set of notes. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 639 COL r_rtable.description VAL microsoft word 2007 helps you build professional-looking documents with ease. its new editing and layout tools and streamlined user interface mean you will spend more time writing and less time formatting documents. there is a wider choice of ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1006 COL l_ltable.description VAL an entire year of 3rd grade in one thrillingadventure!product informationwhen exotic animals disappear and a world-famous scientist vanishes thecluefinders know something fishy's afoot. join these bold adventurers on aclue-searching trek into the depths o COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL learning company 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 80 COL r_rtable.description VAL a daring group of kid detectives a jungle adventure and the mystery of an ancient monster make the cluefinders' 3rd grade adventures the most exciting way to develop essential academic and thinking skills. also includes mystery mansion arcade ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 65 COL l_ltable.description VAL halo takes you deep into the far future with the fate of humanity hanging on your shooting skills! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL macsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1104 COL r_rtable.description VAL macbackup makes computer backup quick and easy! backup wizards are categorized to instantly backup everything on your computer or only your photos music and movies. easily store backups to virtually any kind of media: cd dvd zip disks network ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1339 COL l_ltable.description VAL sat act and psat 2007 platinum COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2186 COL r_rtable.description VAL kaplan sat act and psat 2007 platinum for mac and windows. includes 5 dvds. features include: over 2700 test questions complete score analysis & performance feedback interactive lessons exam strategies & hints and includes prep for the new sat ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 90 COL l_ltable.description VAL a rich and intriguing adventure in a&nbsp; world where murders are committed according to ancestral mystic beliefs...where nothing will be the same again. product informationa frightening ritualistic murder has taken place in an upscale hotel COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 169 COL r_rtable.description VAL moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertaining farming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at the general store. every decision you make could determine whether you bring home the bacon or get put out ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1110 COL l_ltable.description VAL thinkmap's visual thesaurus is a new type of interactive dictionary and thesaurus. it's sure to help anyone from a young student to an experienced professional improve their vocabulary while having a good time. you'll write more descriptively and find the right word while gaining a more precise understanding of the english language. ace the sats spice up your powerpoint name your company and more. with over 145 000 words and 115 000 meanings the visual thesaurus helps you find words through their semantic relationships. hear correct word pronunciations both british and american COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL csdc 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1721 COL r_rtable.description VAL the visual thesaurus is a new type of interactive dictionary and thesaurus that helps anyone from a student to a professional improve their vocabulary while having fun. with the visual thesaurus you?ll write more descriptively and find the right ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1271 COL l_ltable.description VAL mediarecover gives you the ability to recover files you were positively convinced were gone forever - even if you've deleted them. losing memories of vacations and fun times is bad enough but losing important business files can threaten your livelihood. you owe it to yourself to be prepared. mediarecover's 3-step recovery process ensures you can access your photos music and files when you need to! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aladdin systems 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 249 COL r_rtable.description VAL looking to buy a home? this user-friendly program will help guide you through the often nerve-wracking process of home financing. totally secure and self-contained this practical tutorial covers all the bases - from calculating how much house you ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 717 COL l_ltable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! product information ares rising is a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. a branching storyline allows you to chart various courses to success and to replay the game in many different ways. you take responsibility for making alliances purchasing equipment and ultimately tipping the balance of power. ares rising brings together the best strategy combat resource allocation and story telling elements to enable a degree of player freedom rarely achieved. product features multiplayer action with head-to-head and team death match modes. persistent characters allow you to build power reputation and prestige through multiple game sessions. a combination of dog-fighting and strategic combat where proper consideration of advanced tactics and technologies count as much as hot dog piloting. choose from a wide range of devastating tactical weapons including cloaks auto-turrets beam weapons nuclear warheads sensor drones and ship decoys to name a few. all ai pilots work in wingmen groups. employing squadron tactics and complex maneuvers will give you a distinct advantage. system requirements windows 95 98 me only (not xp compatible) pentium 133mhz processor windows 95 with directx 5.0 (included) 16mb of ram 150mb hard drive space 2x cd-rom drive directx certified sound and video card microsoft or 100% compatible mouse recommended requirments pentium 200mhz or higher or k6 3d 32mb of ram 200mb hard drive space 12x cd-rom drive d3d supporting video card with graphics acceleration digital audio compatible sound card joystick please note: the product you are viewing is an older version that is currently in demand and a valuabl COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL interplay 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1622 COL r_rtable.description VAL enjoy countless hours of reading pleasure with this deluxe compilation of classic works from over 200 authors. features all the major classics of english literature including novels mysteries poetry sci-fi romance horror and more. annotate each ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 393 COL l_ltable.description VAL obscure takes the survival-horror gaming you love and sets it in a teenage horror film. tortured screams echo through leafmore high's deserted corridors. faceless creatures lurk in the shadows. five teenagers set out to bring light into the darkness - and experience a night that will scar their souls forever. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1291 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 702 COL l_ltable.description VAL adobe photoshop elements 4.0 software combines innovation and simplicity to help you work with and enhance your digital photos with some of the industry's most powerful tools. with elements 4.0 you can fix common flaws instantly or show off your creativity in a wide variety of entertaining ways by using your photos to create cards calendars and much more. easily access your photos and add delete or move folders using the folder view. even create folders to hold collections. adjust skin tones for a more natural look even in poorly lit photos. easily select by brushing over any element of your photo to make a range of adjustments to a specific area or object. make quicker fixes than ever before for starters elements 4.0 offers users more precise controls that allow you to adjust specific areas of a photo in less time and even remove red eye automatically. the software's quick fix mode lets you perform a full range of common photo adjustments including color contrast and lighting and skin tones can be easily adjusted for a more natural look even in poorly lit photos. you can even compare before and after views that instantly let you see the effects of your adjustments. perform a full range of common photo adjustments -- such as color contrast and lighting -- in the convenient quick fix mode. easily upload your photos to a personal online album that can be updated with new photos at any time. family and friends can view your photos and instantly order prints. turn your digital pictures into professional-quality kodak prints or create a memorable hardbound photo book. both are delivered directly to your door. when it comes time to retouching your photos no problem. elements 4.0 lets you easily brush over any element of your photo to make a range of adjustments to a specific area or object. for instance you can use the magic selection brush and magic extractor tool to isolate objects from backgrounds quickly and easily even in complex textured areas. you can also remove entire backgrounds leaving foregrounds untouched or place your friends on the top of mount everest or in front of the taj majal as if they were really there. the spot healing brush lets you instantly brush away wrinkles and other unwanted objects. for more fine tuning of exposure and lighting you can work directly with the raw image file from your camera by converting the raw files to the universal digital negative (dng) format to help ensure you'll always be able to open and use your photo files in the future. effortless color corrections and photo management once you have touched up your photos you can compare a range of color variations side by side with your original photo and select the best choice with a single click. to get the best overall color possible with your photos elements 4.0 offers easy slider controls for color temperature and tint. to rescue poorly lit shots you can easily adjust shadows and highlights lighten the shadows and reduce the glare of highlights. and with 16-bit support you'll get smoother and more precise color results than ever before. do you already have hundreds of photos in your computer that you are ready to work with? elements 4.0 offers extensive photo management capabilities that will make managing and editing your digital files a cinch. for instance elements 4.0 lets you type titles and labels right onto your photos and edit them at any time. an enhanced font menu and easy-to-use interface gives you the option of quickly choosing from a wide option of fonts. if you're working with multiple photos you can save hours of effort through the software's automatic batch processes. with this time-saving feature you can remove red eye rename resize convert formats adjust levels add text and more in a single step. you can also save time by scanning several photos at once. elements 4.0 will automatically divide straighten and save each photo separately. and when it's time to final the exact photo you need elements 4.0 includes several management features that will make your life much easier. easily access your photos and add delete or move folders using the folder view. you can even create folders to hold entire collections and organize by filename date file type and many other properties. flip through photos in a full-screen slide show and rate your favorites apply color labels rotate photos change display size and show captions. with expanded metadata search parameters you can quickly find and preview any photo in a matter of seconds. these enhanced search options let you search from a wide range of metadata options such as f-stop digital camera model and even exposure values. you can also use keywords to pinpoint your search. looking for a photo of just jack but not jack and jill? elements 4.0 will find it for you. printing and uploading features when you're ready to share your photos elements 4.0 will help you to create a personal online album that can be updated with new photos at any time so that family and friends can view your photos and instantly order prints. you also have the option of uploading your photos to order professional-quality kodak prints or use adobe photoshop services to create your own calendars greeting cards or beautiful hardbound photo books that can also be delivered directly to your doorstep. (services may vary depending on region.) and if you just want to print your photos on your own elements 4.0 lets you quickly drop your photos into picture packages that let you print photos from your desktop printer in a variety of flexible layouts. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 45 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: powerpc® g3 g4 or g5 processor mac os x v.10.3 or 10.4 256mb of ram 750mb of available hard-disk space 1024x768 16-bit (xga) display cd-rom drive product datasheet [pdf: 1.1mb] COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 70 COL l_ltable.description VAL wasp fontware is a powerful bar code utility that seamlessly integrates truetype fonts with your favorite business software and database applications. wasp bar code fonts are compatible with all windows applications including the most common word processors and spreadsheets. easily create bar codes simply by using a font. generating bar codes has never been easier! wasp fontware professional+ package includes additional add-ins for word excel access and crystal reports. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL informatics 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 609 COL r_rtable.description VAL race vehicles on courses you design! get ready for rugged racing on 4 different terrains - desert tundra jungle and the country. you can design and build the track - right down to wild obstacles for crashing. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 894 COL l_ltable.description VAL sony media software vegas 6 COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony pictures home entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 169 COL r_rtable.description VAL moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertaining farming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at the general store. every decision you make could determine whether you bring home the bacon or get put out ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 355 COL l_ltable.description VAL restricted area is an incredible combination of action gaming and deep role-playing. four very different people meet as they're trying to change their lives. choose one of these four to play -- and enter their dystopian world for a complex twisting story that involves a dark secret and a very large corporation. the advanced ai uses group tactics to react to your character's visible strength the weapon in their hands and more -- you'll have to think to survive cooperative multiplayer mode COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL whiptail 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2282 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. release date: 04/01/2006 COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL navarre distribution services 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 356 COL l_ltable.description VAL with its award-winning technology ad-aware plus edition puts you in complete control. it offers you the highest level of protection from both known and unknown threats such as data-mining aggressive advertising parasites scumware selected traditional trolans dialers malware browser hijackers and tracking components. ad-aware plusedition offers you all the power of the personal edition but has been enhanced with additional powerful features to protect your privacy. ad-watch s real-time monitor goes beyond what other security suites offer by adding another layer of protection to your system. ad-aware plus with ad-watch allows you not only to detect privacy threats to your computer; you can also block them from integrating into your system in the first place! system requirements: windows 95/98/me/nt/2000/xp/2003 and ms terminal services COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL tri synergy 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 224 COL r_rtable.description VAL more powerful... ad-aware plus edition offers you all the power of the personal edition but has been enhanced with additional powerful features to protect your privacy. ad-watch the plus edition includes real-time protection through the ad-watch ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1234 COL l_ltable.description VAL defcon: global thermonuclear domination gives you the chance to manage a scenario faced in the leading generals' worst nightmare: total nuclear war. the third world war is starting and you'll manage it from a single screen. you'll attempt to destroy your enemy through all-out nuclear war while stopping them from destroying you. each side has key cities and installations and up to six superpowers can compete at the same time on the same map. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 196 COL r_rtable.description VAL grass valley procoder 3 continues to provide high-speed high-quality video conversion between multiple formats incorporating the existing features and workflow options found in procoder 2.0 and adding several key new features including canopus hq ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1253 COL l_ltable.description VAL bryce 6 is the ideal 3d software addition to your image-editing toolbox. it gives creators the ability to work faster and create more realistic environments than ever before. place your characters directly into your bryce 6 scenes and have them walk and talk right before your very eyes. choose at what point you want the imported animations to begin with the freedom to go back to daz|studio to make any necessary adjustments to make them perfect. then simply re-import those animations back into your bryce 6 scene. whether you are a professional designer or a 3d graphics enthusiast bryce 6 provides you with the tools to literally create a world of your own. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL re:launch 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 441 COL r_rtable.description VAL the big mix by allume systems for mac play it. mix it. rock it. unleash your talent. become the next superstar or the hottest dj. the big mix delivers the goods. this collection will let you rock the world or just listen to the music. so let the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 740 COL l_ltable.description VAL readiris pro 11 is one of the most powerful and accurate ocr solutions designed for home and professional users. when you need to convert any paper pdf or image documents into digital files that you can edit share and save readiris pro 11 will do it all. it retypes scanned documents and image files and converts pdf files in editable text maintaining the original layout and offering an unprecedented speed and ocr accuracy. a powerful productivity booster for flatbed scanners all-in-one devices and digital cameras readiris pro can revolutionize the way you scan and convert documents. note: this product is for pcs only. readiris pro 11 is also available for macs. select your scanner define the scanner settings and enable the proper system options (page deskewing page analysis page orientation). readiris pro 11 does the rest. view larger. choose ms word as the output format click on recognize + save and within seconds your text is converted and exported in word ready to be edited. view larger. if you have a scanned image with tables readiris will converted in editable tables you can export in excel. view larger. readiris will let you convert hand printed capital text in digital text you can edit with your preferred software. view larger. document preparation in three easy steps turning hardcopy text images or pdfs into editable text is as easy as 1 2 3. first you scan your document with your flatbed scanner or open a pdf file or image document. (readiris pro 11 is compatible with the most commonly used images and pdf files.). once the file is opened in the software you click on recognize and save and within seconds your document is converted into and editable digital file. the final step is to export your document into you favorite application such as word excel acrobat (pdf) internet explorer (html) and more. readiris pro will save you incredible amounts of retyping time. the program's new ocr engine is optimized for speed and accuracy and features over 70 new major improvements from previous versions. not only will readiris pro 11 give you 30 percent greater text accuracy its advanced autoformat technology perfectly retains the layout of the original document in the output. and most amazingly it can perform these tasks with 126 languages. (the software's user interface is localized in 21 languages; see system requirements for a list of the supported interface languages.) the ideal pdf solution readiris pro can open your pdf file (even read-only pdfs) and generate four different types of pdf files: fully searchable image over text text over image text only and image only. you can also edit your pdf into several of the supported output formats such as word and excel. and when you need to scan text into a pdf file readiris pro can do that as well. you can convert your incoming faxes letters or any paper documents into fully searchable pdf files quickly and accurately. it couldn't be any quicker or easier. multi-page scanning ability and more readiris pro features a convenient interval scanning mode that allows you to manually set the time interval between scans to greatly simplify the scanning process for multi-page documents on a flatbed scanner. this multi-page mode applies to both hard-copy as well as digital documents such as such as tiff or pdf files. with support for the new microsoft formats wordml and spreadsheet ml readiris lets you accurately reproduce any kind of table in your office documents. based on xml the new formats generate richer editing and formatting of files that are optimized for windows office 2003. your tables can be perfectly reproduced in excel 2003 retaining the text and even the colored background. readiris pro even lets you digitize hand-printed notes and 23 types of barcodes including 2-d barcodes. the information contained in your barcode is automatically retyped into your application. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL global marketing partners 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 57 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. providing a seamless realtime workflow supporting all video acquisition ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 429 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL imagination international corp 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 239 COL r_rtable.description VAL enemy tanks have broken the lines and captured a city of strategic importance. your mission as an anti-tank cannon commander is to repel the occupiers and reclaim the city! the freedom of the city and all of its inhabitants depends on you! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1262 COL l_ltable.description VAL the most comprehensive and easy-to-use program to keep your children safe while they surf the web. you control individual settings for each child. parental control software: keep your children safe from internet threats filter objectionable web content and record all websites that each child visits manage your child s computer and internet time schedule and limit chat game playing or other programs receive email reports for all monitored activities lockdown access to windows settings automatically log your child off at bedtime compatible with windows vista& 153; settings can be configured from any pc on your network system requirements: os: windows 2000 windows xp windows vista cpu: 133 mhz minimum memory: 128 mb ram disk: 5 mb format: win 98 me 2000 xp vista COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL webroot software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2075 COL r_rtable.description VAL featuring ez play today notation. turbo music (software). general midi software. book & disk package. 9x12 inches. 48 pages. published by turbo music. you're the star! packs include fully-orchestrated accompaniments on disk for each song in the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 566 COL l_ltable.description VAL x-zoom movies on psp is the first commercial video & dvd software for the sony psp. it enables you to quickly convert your dvds or movie files into a format your psp can read and understand. get the best possible picture and audio quality for 10 different input formats: dvd (s)vcd divx avi wmv real mpeg and quicktime. over 10 presets make conversion easy and the fit-to-stick technology resizes movie files to your memory stick size. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL x-oom 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1189 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 717 COL l_ltable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! product information ares rising is a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. a branching storyline allows you to chart various courses to success and to replay the game in many different ways. you take responsibility for making alliances purchasing equipment and ultimately tipping the balance of power. ares rising brings together the best strategy combat resource allocation and story telling elements to enable a degree of player freedom rarely achieved. product features multiplayer action with head-to-head and team death match modes. persistent characters allow you to build power reputation and prestige through multiple game sessions. a combination of dog-fighting and strategic combat where proper consideration of advanced tactics and technologies count as much as hot dog piloting. choose from a wide range of devastating tactical weapons including cloaks auto-turrets beam weapons nuclear warheads sensor drones and ship decoys to name a few. all ai pilots work in wingmen groups. employing squadron tactics and complex maneuvers will give you a distinct advantage. system requirements windows 95 98 me only (not xp compatible) pentium 133mhz processor windows 95 with directx 5.0 (included) 16mb of ram 150mb hard drive space 2x cd-rom drive directx certified sound and video card microsoft or 100% compatible mouse recommended requirments pentium 200mhz or higher or k6 3d 32mb of ram 200mb hard drive space 12x cd-rom drive d3d supporting video card with graphics acceleration digital audio compatible sound card joystick please note: the product you are viewing is an older version that is currently in demand and a valuabl COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL interplay 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 169 COL r_rtable.description VAL moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertaining farming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at the general store. every decision you make could determine whether you bring home the bacon or get put out ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 486 COL l_ltable.description VAL evergirl is an action adventure title for young ladies who are out to find themselves. they'll take charge of four teenagers as they try to find their place in the world based on their personalities. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL thq 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 338 COL r_rtable.description VAL covers what the basic beginner needs to know about playing the drums. step-by-step video lessons and a guide to reading music! the interactive guide will show you how to get started from selecting the right drum set to playing beats and rolls that ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1227 COL l_ltable.description VAL enter the wild rough and tumble world of westward where adventure and untold fortunes await you. explore a huge playing environment and move up to 20 different levels. use quick wits to complete tasks like building homes farms water wells and more to keep your settlers fed housed and employed. if they don't like their situation your settlers will go elsewhere and your town will collapse! look for gold mines watch out for theivin' bandits and engage in dramatic shoot-outs. control the destiny of the west as you build thriving towns explore uncharted plains and guide your settlers to safety and success. features: more than 10 playable main characters customize your town and support an ever-expanding population buy sell and trade a variety of resources evolving and ever-changing scenarios provide many hours of playing fun COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2042 COL r_rtable.description VAL ventura 10 dvd - full versionwhen it comes to business publishing corel ventura 10 is as powerful as it gets. it is the only tool you need for transforming long complex documents-including xml files-into highly formatted & visually rich ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 267 COL l_ltable.description VAL customize your forms to your specific needs product information the complete solution for all of your business and personal form needs. selectfrom 1200 essential forms and letters customize the layout text and graphics or use the full suite of tools to create your own documents from scratch. a new simplified user interface quickly guides you though all of the highly advancedfeatures.&nbs COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL valusoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3194 COL r_rtable.description VAL overview the complete solution for all of your business and personal form needs. select from 1200 essential forms and letters customize the layout text and graphics or use the full suite of tools to create your own documents from scratch. a new ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 732 COL l_ltable.description VAL ultra sudoku/kakuro prepares you for hours and hours of puzzle fun! sudoku is a challenging number puzzle where you'll have to arrange the number from 0 to 9 in the proper order. kakuro is sudoku's big brother -- you'll have to arrange cross sums so that they fit the grid. challenge your brain with this popular set of puzzles! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL abacus 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1623 COL r_rtable.description VAL sudoku is addicitve sudoku is hot ultra sudoku is one of the hottest sudoku's around easy playing: type the number drag the number or right-click the number generate puzzles: 4 x 4 for beginners or chi COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1009 COL l_ltable.description VAL istopmotion is the ideal supplement for any digital hub. time lapse recording and stop motion animation can be used as either learning devices or for professional purposes -- with istopmotion you can do both easily. bring your creative fantasies to life and create astonishing new work. based on apple's quicktime technology the captured frames are stored uncompressed so that the raw material has the highest possible resolution. professional tools such as adobe photoshop and final cut can be used for further editing. everyone appreciates the genius of directors such as tim burton (the corpse bride a nightmare before christmas) and nick park (wallace & gromit chicken run). and time lapse recordings of natural phenomena are always fascinating. istopmotion is the tool that will allow mac users to say i can do that too! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL navarre 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1850 COL r_rtable.description VAL mobile find plus 411 directory search delivers fast easy wireless access to residential and business listings maps and driving directions for your pocket pc palm(tm) or wireless phone - when and where you need it. find phone numbers and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 717 COL l_ltable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! product information ares rising is a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. a branching storyline allows you to chart various courses to success and to replay the game in many different ways. you take responsibility for making alliances purchasing equipment and ultimately tipping the balance of power. ares rising brings together the best strategy combat resource allocation and story telling elements to enable a degree of player freedom rarely achieved. product features multiplayer action with head-to-head and team death match modes. persistent characters allow you to build power reputation and prestige through multiple game sessions. a combination of dog-fighting and strategic combat where proper consideration of advanced tactics and technologies count as much as hot dog piloting. choose from a wide range of devastating tactical weapons including cloaks auto-turrets beam weapons nuclear warheads sensor drones and ship decoys to name a few. all ai pilots work in wingmen groups. employing squadron tactics and complex maneuvers will give you a distinct advantage. system requirements windows 95 98 me only (not xp compatible) pentium 133mhz processor windows 95 with directx 5.0 (included) 16mb of ram 150mb hard drive space 2x cd-rom drive directx certified sound and video card microsoft or 100% compatible mouse recommended requirments pentium 200mhz or higher or k6 3d 32mb of ram 200mb hard drive space 12x cd-rom drive d3d supporting video card with graphics acceleration digital audio compatible sound card joystick please note: the product you are viewing is an older version that is currently in demand and a valuabl COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL interplay 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2486 COL r_rtable.description VAL minimum system requirements: operating system: mac os x 10.3.9 or later cpu processor: powerpc g5 or intel chipset cpu speed: 1.8 ghz memory: 512 mb or higher hard disk space: 2.5gb free disk space video card (ati): radeon 9600 video card (nvidia): ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 717 COL l_ltable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! product information ares rising is a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. a branching storyline allows you to chart various courses to success and to replay the game in many different ways. you take responsibility for making alliances purchasing equipment and ultimately tipping the balance of power. ares rising brings together the best strategy combat resource allocation and story telling elements to enable a degree of player freedom rarely achieved. product features multiplayer action with head-to-head and team death match modes. persistent characters allow you to build power reputation and prestige through multiple game sessions. a combination of dog-fighting and strategic combat where proper consideration of advanced tactics and technologies count as much as hot dog piloting. choose from a wide range of devastating tactical weapons including cloaks auto-turrets beam weapons nuclear warheads sensor drones and ship decoys to name a few. all ai pilots work in wingmen groups. employing squadron tactics and complex maneuvers will give you a distinct advantage. system requirements windows 95 98 me only (not xp compatible) pentium 133mhz processor windows 95 with directx 5.0 (included) 16mb of ram 150mb hard drive space 2x cd-rom drive directx certified sound and video card microsoft or 100% compatible mouse recommended requirments pentium 200mhz or higher or k6 3d 32mb of ram 200mb hard drive space 12x cd-rom drive d3d supporting video card with graphics acceleration digital audio compatible sound card joystick please note: the product you are viewing is an older version that is currently in demand and a valuabl COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL interplay 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2282 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. release date: 04/01/2006 COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL navarre distribution services 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 389 COL l_ltable.description VAL with instant immersion japanese deluxe you'll get entertaining instruction on japanese that moves at your own pace. build your speaking skills with the advanced speech recognition tools while the expert lessons make learning to read & write japanese easier -- and more enjoyable. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 8 COL r_rtable.description VAL topics entertainment instant immersion italian 2.0 this 5 cd-rom suite immerses you in the learning process with cultural videos entertaining games and interactive lessons with native speakers windows/mac COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1154 COL l_ltable.description VAL corel painter x offers artists and photographers professional art & design tools unmatched by any other software. corel painter x blurs the line between traditional and digital art. it introduces unparalleled performance new color and composition tools and the realbristle painting system providing an organic painting & illustration experience. top 10 reasons to buy corel painter x 1 speed: corel painter x has been significantly optimized to provide artists the fastest version of painter--ever! 2 workspace manager: customize backup your workspace and share brushes and content with ease 3 secure saving: auto-backups provide added peace of mind when saving files 4 next-generation natural media: representing a major milestone for digital painting realbristle brushes emulate their traditional counterparts right down to the individual bristles on the brushes. while artists have always marveled at how closely corel painter resembles traditional art media corel painter x takes realism to a whole new level 5 composition tools: compose your images like a master using the divine proportion or the rule of thirds 6 enhanced photo-painting: now it's even easier than ever for photographers to create stunning paintings from photos! new settings offer more control over your underpainting and new smart stroke provides greater intelligence during auto-painting. 7 enhanced adobe photoshop support: with easier layer grouping and combining and improved support for layer merge modes artists can more effectively work between corel painter x and adobe photoshop 8 intel-based mac support: now you can get the best performance from corel painter x and your new intel-based mac. corel painter x is a universal binary application which allows it to run natively on intel-based macintosh computers. 9 windows vista: now corel painter x is compatible with microsoft's latest operating system--windows vista 10 jeremy sutton training videos: includes access to free training videos by renowned painter master jeremy sutton the realbristle painting system sets a new standard for digital painting. new composition tools will help you compose your paintings like the masters. dodge and burn capabilities have been improved with the addition of two new image enhancement tools. new composition tools will help you compose your paintings like the masters. the auto-painting palette transforms a photograph into a painting. unparalleled performance. next generation art & design tools new corel painter x--the world's most powerful natural-media painting and illustration software--features unique digital brushes art materials and textures that mirror the look and feel of their traditional counterparts. setting the standard for digital painting and illustration the corel painter x digital art studio introduces new composition tools unparalleled performance and the all-new realbristle painting system that models traditional brushes like never before--right down the individual bristles on the brush! designed for artists designers and photographers ...and the next generation of creative professionals! commercial designers commercial designers require powerful tools for their craft. that's why many of the world's foremost illustrators automotive concept designers industrial designers architects and graphic designers use corel painter. corel painter x enables commercial designers to vividly capture their creative vision and handcraft distinctive designs illustrations and logos for their clients. entertainment artists leading artists in the entertainment industry use corel painter to produce some of the world's best-known movies comic books and video games. professional entertainment artists can speed their production time by using corel painter x--leveraging their natural talents and techniques--to create astounding scenes characters vehicles and textures. professional photographers in recent years corel painter has sparked a new trend in the professional photography market as photographers explore the creative possibilities of turning their photographs into paintings. corel painter x offers photographers new revenue streams by making it easier than ever to create breathtaking hand-painted works of art from their photographs. fine artists many fine artists use corel painter as their primary art medium. their works appear in galleries around the world demonstrating that digitally-created art has become an accepted medium on the world's art scene. corel painter x enables artists to experiment with new techniques without investing the time and money that would ordinarily be required with analog mediums and achieve results that emulate those of their traditional counterparts. students educators around the world are harnessing the power and ease-of-use of corel painter to help enhance the learning experience and provide students with the skills they need to succeed as leading creative professionals. product highlights and new features corel painter x offers a broad range of tools and features that inspire creativity increase performance and further extend compatibility with other industry-standard tools and applications. it delivers an impressive array of new features that provide unprecedented power to replicate traditional art media--right down to the individual bristles on the brush. increased performance corel painter x has been optimized to provide artists with the fastest version of painter--ever! depending on system hardware brushes perform up to 35% faster--and file opening and saving is up to two times faster! new realbristle painting system the new realbristle painting system heightens the responsiveness of the brush and represents a major milestone for digital painting. artists can now faithfully replicate the sensation of the interaction between the paint the canvas and the brush. see it in action. new composition tools new composition tools help artists and photographers visually arrange a blank canvas prior to sketching or painting or create an aesthetically pleasing composition from a photo using the divine proportion tool and the rule of thirds. used throughout history by artists designers and architects alike the divine proportion will help you compose your paintings like the masters! similarly professional photographers often use the rule of thirds to compose their photographs. see it in action. new workspace manager: corel painter x allows you to easily customize and back up your workspaces as well as export and share them with your friends and colleagues. see it in action. enhanced photo-painting system it's now easier than ever for photographers to create stunning paintings from photographs! major improvements offer greater control when underpainting and the new smart strokes technology adds more intelligence during auto-painting. see it in action. the underpainting palette includes color schemes based on various artistic styles such as impressionist classical modern watercolor sketchbook and chalk drawing. you can also match your underpainting's palette to that of any open image the auto-painting palette transforms a photograph into a painting by automatically applying brushstrokes while intelligently changing stroke size and direction using new smart stroke technology. new downloadable training videos: getting up and running quickly with the new training videos by painter master jeremy sutton! see it in action. new universal mixer palette for multicolor selection the new universal mixer palette gives you better control over color blending between the mixer palette and the canvas. see it in action. dodge and burn tools dodge and burn capabilities have been improved with the addition of two new image enhancement tools to the toolbox. now preparing photos for paintings is easier than ever! enhanced adobe photoshop support with improved layer grouping and combining and enhanced support for layer merge modes artists can more efficiently work between corel painter x and adobe photoshop. enhanced wacom support artists can use the entire wacom product line--including the cintiq 21 ux interactive pen display the intuos 3 pen tablet and the wacom 6d art pen. new printed user guide full and upgrade customers receive a color printed user guide which provides useful reference information and fast solutions. also includes a 16-page art gallery. new match palette effect the new match palette effect lets you match the color and intensity between two images. just open an image that features your desired color scheme and use the match palette effect to bring the desired color scheme to the image you want to change. windows vista support corel painter x is compatible with microsoft's latest operating system--windows vista. intel-based mac support with support for universal binary specifications corel painter x is optimized for use on intel-based mac computers. fundamentals corel painter's heritage is deeply rooted in the foundations of art theory and technique. over the years painter developers have worked closely with artists from around the world to create the next-generation art studio. providing an experience that is unmatched by any other software corel painter has grown to become the world's most powerful painting & illustration application. artists designers and photographers continue to enjoy many features that have been the cornerstones of this ground-breaking application for years. the following features let creative professionals leverage their natural talents and techniques to create original works of art distinguishing corel painter from other applications. brushes brushes have always been the heart and soul of corel painter. there are more than 30 brush categories ranging from crayons chalk and charcoal to acrylics watercolor liquid ink artists' oils and the new realbristle. while most brush categories mirror the look and feel of traditional brushes others offer users a one-of-a-kind creative tool. brushes are organized into distinct categories each featuring a multitude of variants. the following brush categories are just a sample of those available to corel painter x customers. artists' oils painting system: the artists' oils painting system enables users to apply paint blends created in the mixer palette directly onto images in the document window. each brush dab loads the brush variant with a finite amount of oil. as the oil runs out the brush stroke becomes fainter. brush strokes interact with any paint already on the canvas just as they would with natural media. watercolor: watercolor brush variants produce natural-looking watercolor effects. almost all brush variants in the watercolor category interact with the canvas texture. for most of these variants stylus pressure affects the width of the brush stroke. as with traditional-media watercolor brushes greater pressure on the brush widens a stroke and less pressure narrows a stroke. chalk: chalk brush variants produce the thick rich texture of natural chalk sticks and cover with strokes that interact with the paper grain. the opacity is linked to stylus pressure. image hose: the image hose behaves like a brush but it sprays images instead of applying paint. users can also load their own image or select from the library included in the application. cloners: painting with a cloner brush is similar to painting with any corel painter brush except that cloner brush variants take their color information from a clone source such as a pattern or another image instead of from the colors palette. some cloner brush variants reproduce a source image directly. other cloner brush variants reproduce a source image with low opacity and soft edges or use paper grain and specialized dabs for particular media effects. brush controls brush control palettes provide quick easy access to all brush settings and controls. making on-the-fly changes to brush settings and variables is as simple as dragging a sliderâ& 128;without any disruption to workflow. for example the boost slider found in the general palette of the brush controls instantly enhances brush speed. just drag the slider and see brush performance accelerate. gitanjali rao's printed rainbow animated film. winner of three best short film awards at cannes 2006 including the kodak discovery awardâ& 128;best short film; the young critics awardâ& 128;best short film; and the rail d'orâ& 128;best short film. www.printedrainbow.com textures in the traditional art world an artist's brush or drawing tool produces different results when applied to surfaces with different textures. corel painter allows users to control the texture of the canvas to achieve the results they would expect from conventional art media on a given surface. brushes interact with paper grain just as natural tools react with the texture of the surfaces beneath them. textures can also be used to create special effects such as rusted metal on an intergalactic spaceship or bark on a tree. animation corel painter has an impressive array of animation features. the onion skinning feature enables users to view previous and future frames while working on the current frame. the rotoscoping feature enables users to paint and modify a single frame of an existing movie. animated movies can be saved as animated gifs quicktime movies or avi movies. support for industry-standard file formats corel painter lets users open and save a variety of file formats including adobe photoshop (psd) corel paint shop pro (psp) tiff (cmyk & rgb) windows bitmap (bmp) pc paintbrush (pcx) targa (tga) gif jpeg mac pict quicktime (mov) and video for windows (avi) files. users can also save files in encapsulated postscript (eps) format. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL corel 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3014 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements mac os x (version 10.3.9 or higher with latest revision applied) macintosh® computer with a 700 mhz or faster power pc® g4 power pc g5 or intel® processor 256 mb of ram (512 mb recommended) mouse or tablet 24-bit color display ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 25 COL l_ltable.description VAL startopia takes gamers to a once-thriving galactic network of starships space stations and planets left lifeless with redundant scars of the apocalypse. you will lead the way in rebuilding the network of space stations that once served the commerce and communication of the old empire--reuniting the surviving alien peoples under one banner. startopia gives you the opportunity to rebuild and successfully maintain a series of giant torus (donut) space stations scattered across the galaxy. they will provide a suitable home for the many alien races that inhabit space and perhaps turn a tidy profit for you in the process. of course there are plenty of other enterprising individuals out there with the same goals not to mention there are many hazards that exist in deep space. a number of different life forms and organizations are developing competing stations and it will only be a matter of time before you'll need to confront your opponents. will you use economic or military means to force out your opponents? you decide. startopia features nine primary character races each with a unique look and function. each inhabitant is an individual character with unique moods desires personal histories and humorous character animations. it's a fully functioning alien society with racial animosity and friendships crime and punishment leisure and entertainment and a functioning economy. the unique torus play area gives a viewpoint never before seen in a game. the bio-deck has an editable landscape and a manageable ecosystem allowing you complete control of terraforming. multiplayer support for up to three other stationmasters and simple and intuitive command of security forces can conflict with other players or defend your station against alien threats. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL eidos interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 848 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 609 COL l_ltable.description VAL macbackup protects your computer from disaster. the software quickly restores your computer to its original backed up state. a step-by-step wizard makes backup simple for savinf priceless digital photos music investment and any other personal information. macbackup allows you to easily backup to any recordable cd/dvd local or alternative hard drive network location or ftp site using compression methods to maximize your storage space. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL macware 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 451 COL r_rtable.description VAL professional and impressive!imprinted with your business name and address!guaranteed compatible with your quickbooks(r) and quickbooks for windows(r) software.neat and clean. no carbon to touch. runs easily and smoothly through your printer without ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 391 COL l_ltable.description VAL instant immersion version 2.0 moves you from a beginner to an intermediate speaker with a 5 cd-rom course of study. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 310 COL r_rtable.description VAL topics entertainment instant immersion 33 languages with the step-by-step instruction in 33 native tongues making up instant immersion 33 languages your only dilemma is deciding which language you want to speak first! windows mac & xp pc COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1245 COL l_ltable.description VAL tell your story with maximum impact using adobe premiere pro cs3 software the start-to-finish solution for efficient video production that now includes adobe encore cs3 and adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only) formerly the award-winning dv rack hd. save time from on-set capture using adobe onlocation through to output expand your creative options via integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop and deliver your content to dvd blu-ray disc the web and mobile devices. the powerful editing finishing and delivery tools in adobe premiere pro are now available on both mac and windows operating systems. maintain control of your media with multiple project panels customizable panel display settings and instant file searches. export adobe encore cs3 projects as dvd blu-ray disc or flash. when you export as flash encore generates html flv and swf files that provide dvd-style chapter selection playback and interactivity through the flash player. capture edit and deliver to video dvd and the web adobe premiere pro cs3 software available for both mac and windows streamlines the entire video production process from direct-to-disk recording through editing to final delivery for tape disc the web and mobile devices. adobe premiere pro cs3 redefines productivity and flexibility for capturing editing and delivering video content. video professionals want to concentrate on storytelling--not on the nuts and bolts of production--and adobe premiere pro cs3 frees you to focus on telling your story. maximize image quality and work faster during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 software (requires windows and boot camp for mac ) included with adobe premiere pro to calibrate cameras monitor video signals and record directly to disk--all during the shoot. edit every major video format from dv to hd and beyond with adobe premiere pro cs3. improve efficiency and creativity with new workflow and new visual effects features. save time and expand creative options through tight integration with other adobe software including adobe after effects cs3 and adobe photoshop cs3. adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you author once and then output to blu-ray disc dvd and flash swf for the web. adobe premiere pro supports additional delivery platforms including flash and mobile devices letting you reach the widest audience possible. audience benefit corporate and government video producers--adobe premiere pro cs3 provides the tools you need to ensure excellent production values while working quickly to stay on schedule. edit with precise control add stunning effects and move content smoothly to adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop for even more creative control. streamline the review process with adobe clip notes and output to multiple formats quickly and easily to reach more people everywhere. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you communicate with high-quality video and imagery even with tight budgets and looming deadlines. event videographers--small crews and tight deadlines mean you need to work fast even while clients demand higher and higher production values. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you capture events directly to disc with included adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only); work fast with precision editing tools including support for editing multicam shots; create compelling effects via tight integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop cs3; and use the included copy of adobe encore cs3 to deliver content however your clients need it whether on dvd blu-ray disc the web or mobile devices. independent filmmakers--your passion is storytelling. your challenge is finding the right software to handle every aspect of the production process and deliver hollywood-quality imagery. adobe premiere pro cs3 meets this need with a complete toolset for capturing footage direct-to-disc editing imagery and creating titles in post-production producing dvds and delivering web-ready content to promote your films on the internet. and with the included video workshop and training materials you'll have help through every stage of production. post-production boutiques--enjoy advanced editing tools as well as the uncompromised image quality and real-time performance you need in professional broadcast and film post-production. work with all major formats enjoy powerful effects and media management tools get unparalleled integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop software and increase efficiency with workflow enhancements such as adobe clip notes. with adobe premiere pro cs3 and adobe encore cs3 you can deliver your work in the format your client needs from adobe flash video through dvd and blu-ray disc to uncompressed hd. educators and students--adobe premiere pro cs3 offers a complete set of post-production tools that let you handle all aspects of filmmaking and post-production cost effectively from capturing and editing footage to creating titles dvds and promotional materials such as websites that feature video content. use flexible tools to express your creativity work with any file format on both windows and macintosh platforms and deliver your work across multiple media. what's new in adobe premiere pro cs3k dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. high-quality slow motion with time remapping create dramatic slow- and fast-motion effects without exporting clips to another application. with precise keyframe control real-time feedback and excellent quality from advanced frame blending you can slow things down without compromising quality. or generate even better in-between frames through pixel-motion analysis with the timewarp effect. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only) save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. adobe encore cs3 projects for the web with one click easily create adobe flash versions of your dvd and blu-ray disc projects for the web. use adobe encore cs3 to create flash content complete with dvd interactivity and menus without learning flash programming. multiple project windows with smart file search find files faster with search tools that instantly update their results list as you type. sort and organize assets into multiple project windows each with its own graphical or text view setting. display and handle media files making project management easier and more efficient. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. create stunning slow-motion and other retiming effects directly in the timeline by setting and moving time remapping keyframe markers. improve the look of your video with the three-way color corrector and the other precision color-correction tools in adobe premiere pro. improved editing efficiency work faster with powerful and flexible editing tools. play video with nested audio sequences in real time without rendering. replace any clip in the timeline with a new clip while preserving the replaced clip's editing attributes and settings. use shortcuts to switch between workspace panels and save time. output for mobile devices make your video viewable on the latest delivery platforms. encode video for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and simulate playback on those devices to check video quality. download profile updates to simulate the latest devices. flash video export with markers converted to cue points encode video and audio for flash projects and web playback with direct flash video (flv) export. adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline markers become flash cue points that trigger interactivity and navigation. create flash video with ease. improve efficiency and incorporate a tapeless workflow during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3* to monitor your camera's video signal and record it directly to a computer hard drive. the multi-camera window makes editing action recorded with several cameras or in multiple takes as easy as pointing and clicking. additional features efficient tools for creative editing create high-quality visual and editorial effects directly within the editing timeline. generate slow motion and other time-remapping effects with precise keyframe control and real-time feedback. add color correction lighting and other effects audio filters and more with fast flexible and built-in tools. edit footage from multicam shoots with ease and precision. comprehensive video format compatibility work with the formats you want. edit all standard- or high-definition formats from dv through hdv to hd and beyond (some formats may require additional hardware). broad range of supporting hardware and software for mac and windows choose from a wide range of mac and windows workstations and capture cards to build the editing system that exactly meets your needs and budget. enhance your system with additional plug-ins including many from adobe after effects software. dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. superior integration with other adobe applications make the leading still and motion graphics applications adobe photoshop and after effects part of an efficient post-production workflow. import and animate photoshop layers. automatically create photoshop files that match the current project's frame size and aspect ratio. drag and drop or copy and paste clips and timelines between adobe premiere pro cs3 and after effects cs3 professional. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only) save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. delivery to the web and mobile devices make your video viewable on today's and tomorrow's delivery platforms. export as adobe flash video (flv). easily convert dvd projects complete with menus to flash swf files for web playback. encode for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and emulate playback on those devices to check playback quality. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. multicam editing view multiple video tracks from a multiple-camera shoot easily sync via timecode and edit by switching between tracks in real time. rerecord sections of your edit make fine adjustments using all the standard timeline editing tools and easily adjust color correction across multiple shots even after editing. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. mac os x compatibility use adobe premiere pro cs3 on the latest intel based macintosh computers. aaf and edl import/export exchange project metadata with major video film and audio applications via industry-standard advanced authoring format (aaf) aaf with edit protocol and edit decision list (edl) files (aaf import/export for windows only). comprehensive vtr support control video decks through rs-422 and rs-232 serial protocols or firewire for precise batch capturing recapturing and insert editing. file management with adobe bridge work more efficiently by using adobe bridge cs3 to search for and access your project files preview and apply settings run batch processes and tag assets with xmp metadata. * for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires boot camp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows based computer. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2833 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 512mb ram (1gb recommended) 1.4gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card dvd-rom drive ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 189 COL l_ltable.description VAL learning through explorationproduct informationjoin zoboomafoo chris kratt martin kratt and all of their creature neighborsas they teach your child kindergarten skills.&nbsp; combining computer learningwith traditional print workbooks your child will have COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL brighter minds media inc. 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3214 COL r_rtable.description VAL join zoboomafoo chris kratt martin kratt and all of their creature neighbors as they teach your child kindergarten skills. combining computer learning with traditional print workbooks your child will have a learning experience that is ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1348 COL l_ltable.description VAL wavelab studio 6 combines state-of-the-art audio technology from the award-winning wavelab 6 with a streamlined workflow and a full complement of editing and mastering features targeted at project studios and aspiring musicians. it includes the same sample accurate 32-bit audio engine and a wide range of advanced tools with the pristine audio quality originally engineered for top mastering and editing professionals in wavelab 6. the studio version provides many of its next-generation features and capabilities to make it one of the worlds best editing and mastering solutions in its price range. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL steinberg media technologies 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2001 COL r_rtable.description VAL make your music more professional and more powerful! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 118 COL l_ltable.description VAL calendar creator 10 is the perfect tool for the artistic types who want to keep track of their busy schedules! this collection of home calendar creation tools makes it possible to remember every important date and appointment. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL broderbund 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 35 COL r_rtable.description VAL make your own personalized calendars and planner pages. easily schedule track appointments and everything in between. includes pre-designed calendars too. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1253 COL l_ltable.description VAL bryce 6 is the ideal 3d software addition to your image-editing toolbox. it gives creators the ability to work faster and create more realistic environments than ever before. place your characters directly into your bryce 6 scenes and have them walk and talk right before your very eyes. choose at what point you want the imported animations to begin with the freedom to go back to daz|studio to make any necessary adjustments to make them perfect. then simply re-import those animations back into your bryce 6 scene. whether you are a professional designer or a 3d graphics enthusiast bryce 6 provides you with the tools to literally create a world of your own. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL re:launch 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1622 COL r_rtable.description VAL enjoy countless hours of reading pleasure with this deluxe compilation of classic works from over 200 authors. features all the major classics of english literature including novels mysteries poetry sci-fi romance horror and more. annotate each ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1001 COL l_ltable.description VAL a guide to learning all kinds of fascinating and useful information. the games and quizzes are specially designed with learning in mind. the games and quizzes are specially designed with learning in mind. kids will learn about hours minutes seconds days and weeks months and years time zones history and facts! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL selectsoft publishing 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3 COL r_rtable.description VAL a guide to learning all kinds of fascinating and useful information. the games and quizzes are specially designed with learning in mind. the games and quizzes are specially designed with learning in mind. kids will learn about hours minutes ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 834 COL l_ltable.description VAL the movies answers a question that many of us have had: what if you were in charge of a movie studio? imagine if you could make any movie you wanted any way you wanted. would you create epic action films? campy b-movies? you can make it big in hollywood by building the ultimate movie studio. choose the scripts control budgets design & build sets and settle into the director's chair and see if you can make a hit. once you've created your box-office smashes you can even watch them -- adding your own voiceovers and saving them to your hard drive or publishing to a web site. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL feral interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 441 COL r_rtable.description VAL the big mix by allume systems for mac play it. mix it. rock it. unleash your talent. become the next superstar or the hottest dj. the big mix delivers the goods. this collection will let you rock the world or just listen to the music. so let the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 740 COL l_ltable.description VAL readiris pro 11 is one of the most powerful and accurate ocr solutions designed for home and professional users. when you need to convert any paper pdf or image documents into digital files that you can edit share and save readiris pro 11 will do it all. it retypes scanned documents and image files and converts pdf files in editable text maintaining the original layout and offering an unprecedented speed and ocr accuracy. a powerful productivity booster for flatbed scanners all-in-one devices and digital cameras readiris pro can revolutionize the way you scan and convert documents. note: this product is for pcs only. readiris pro 11 is also available for macs. select your scanner define the scanner settings and enable the proper system options (page deskewing page analysis page orientation). readiris pro 11 does the rest. view larger. choose ms word as the output format click on recognize + save and within seconds your text is converted and exported in word ready to be edited. view larger. if you have a scanned image with tables readiris will converted in editable tables you can export in excel. view larger. readiris will let you convert hand printed capital text in digital text you can edit with your preferred software. view larger. document preparation in three easy steps turning hardcopy text images or pdfs into editable text is as easy as 1 2 3. first you scan your document with your flatbed scanner or open a pdf file or image document. (readiris pro 11 is compatible with the most commonly used images and pdf files.). once the file is opened in the software you click on recognize and save and within seconds your document is converted into and editable digital file. the final step is to export your document into you favorite application such as word excel acrobat (pdf) internet explorer (html) and more. readiris pro will save you incredible amounts of retyping time. the program's new ocr engine is optimized for speed and accuracy and features over 70 new major improvements from previous versions. not only will readiris pro 11 give you 30 percent greater text accuracy its advanced autoformat technology perfectly retains the layout of the original document in the output. and most amazingly it can perform these tasks with 126 languages. (the software's user interface is localized in 21 languages; see system requirements for a list of the supported interface languages.) the ideal pdf solution readiris pro can open your pdf file (even read-only pdfs) and generate four different types of pdf files: fully searchable image over text text over image text only and image only. you can also edit your pdf into several of the supported output formats such as word and excel. and when you need to scan text into a pdf file readiris pro can do that as well. you can convert your incoming faxes letters or any paper documents into fully searchable pdf files quickly and accurately. it couldn't be any quicker or easier. multi-page scanning ability and more readiris pro features a convenient interval scanning mode that allows you to manually set the time interval between scans to greatly simplify the scanning process for multi-page documents on a flatbed scanner. this multi-page mode applies to both hard-copy as well as digital documents such as such as tiff or pdf files. with support for the new microsoft formats wordml and spreadsheet ml readiris lets you accurately reproduce any kind of table in your office documents. based on xml the new formats generate richer editing and formatting of files that are optimized for windows office 2003. your tables can be perfectly reproduced in excel 2003 retaining the text and even the colored background. readiris pro even lets you digitize hand-printed notes and 23 types of barcodes including 2-d barcodes. the information contained in your barcode is automatically retyped into your application. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL global marketing partners 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1126 COL r_rtable.description VAL keep your pc safe! zonealarm pro incorporates award-winning firewall technology with privacy features to help keep you and your computer safe. zonealarm pro blocks hackers data thieves worms and over 47 types of malicious e-mail attachments. it ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1165 COL l_ltable.description VAL note: this is the upgrade version of adobe photoshop cs3. adobe photoshop cs3 upgrade software accelerates your path from imagination to imagery. ideal for photographers graphic designers and web designers the professional standard delivers new features such as automatic layer alignment and blending that enable advanced compositing. live filters boost the comprehensive nondestructive editing toolset for increased flexibility. and a streamlined interface and new timesaving tools make your work flow faster. boost your productivity with a streamlined interface. the loupe tool in adobe bridge cs3 lets you easily zoom into the fine detail of any image. the new overlay preview and clone source palette let you preview transform and precisely position cloned areas in a single fluid process. zoomify export allows you to efficiently display even the highest resolution imagery over low bandwidth web connections. work more productively take advantage of a wide range of improvements designed to boost your productivity. experience native performance on intel based and powerpc macs and on microsoft windows xp and windows vista systems. maximize your workspace with a streamlined interface process raw images with increased speed and quality and manage assets more efficiently in the revamped adobe bridge cs3. and enjoy complete compatibility with adobe photoshop lightroom software (sold separately) so the changes you make to an image in one product will automatically appear in the other. edit with unrivaled power the comprehensive image-editing toolset in photoshop cs3 lets you correct and enhance your images with unmatched creative control. experiment more freely with nondestructive filters. manage and correct color more easily and convert color images to rich black-and-white with one click. retouch images with more powerful cloning and healing tools. and count on higher fidelity conversion when you merge a series of exposures into a 32-bit high dynamic range (hdr) image. composite with breakthrough tools photoshop cs3 offers a wealth of features that make compositing multiple images easier than ever before. create more accurate composites with new tools that automatically align and blend layers or images based on similar content. make an image selection with one brush stroke. perfect any selection edge in an easy-to-use intuitive dialog box. and merge multiple photos into a panorama with superior results. product highlights boost your productivity with a streamlined interface enhancements to raw-image processing and asset management workflows and more. experience unrivaled editing power with nondestructive filters more precise color-correction controls and more powerful cloning and healing tools. easily create rich composites using new tools for automatically aligning and blending layers and making quick selections. audience benefit professional photographers--with adobe photoshop cs3 software you can perfect all of your images with nondestructive filters and more powerful color-correction cloning and healing tools and you can create sophisticated composites more easily than ever with breakthrough tools for automatically aligning and blending layers making quick selections and more. serious amateur photographers--adobe photoshop cs3 software delivers everything you need to edit images with professional-quality results and offers a simplified user interface that makes learning and working in the program easier. print and web designers--adobe photoshop cs3 software delivers unrivaled power to edit images breakthrough capabilities for creating sophisticated image composites and the ability to output your final files to a broad range of formats for print and the web. photography students and educators--from raw-image processing retouching and compositing to final image output professional-standard adobe photoshop cs3 software offers a powerful solution for digital photography workflows. work more productively efficient and flexible work environment streamlined interface and palette management maximize screen space for editing while keeping essential tools accessible. palettes are now arranged in convenient self-adjusting docks that can be widened to full size or narrowed to icons or even a thin self-revealing strip at the edge of your monitor. faster more flexible asset management with adobe bridge cs3 organize and manage images more efficiently with adobe bridge cs3 software which now delivers improved performance a filter panel for easier searching the ability to group multiple images under a single thumbnail the loupe tool offline image browsing and more. custom menus shortcuts and workspaces set up and save custom menus keyboard shortcuts and workspaces for quick access to what you need. streamlined workflow better raw image processing process raw images with increased speed and superior conversion quality using the adobe photoshop camera raw plug-in which now adds support for jpeg and tiff formats; new tools including fill light and dust busting; compatibility with adobe photoshop lightroom software; and support for over 150 camera models. enhanced pdf support work more easily with adobe pdf-based content. precisely control the size of pdf pages opened in photoshop; add security controls and metadata such as copyright and exposure details to images within pdf presentations; and create a richer image display in pdf presentations and documents. adobe photoshop lightroom support jump from photoshop lightroom software to photoshop cs3 in one click for advanced editing of your digital photos. lightroom (sold separately) offers an efficient powerful way to import manage and present large volumes of digital images. improved printing experience experience better control over print quality with color management a larger print preview window and more controls in one place so you can print in fewer steps. improved printing controls co-developed by adobe and hp make printing easier and more predictable and streamline setup options via integration with select printers from hp epson and canon. presets make sophisticated color adjustments automatically with one-click presets in curves the channel mixer and the new black and white conversion dialog box. peak performance experience native performance on intel and powerpc based macintosh computers and on microsoft windows xp and windows vista systems. automated production automate common production tasks in a variety of ways. set up event-based scripts record a series of steps as an action for efficient batch processing and design repetitive graphics faster with variables. history palette and edit history log undo and redo any set of editing steps in an open image with the history palette and automatically track all editing steps within your files with the edit history log. export steps to a text file or save them as part of image metadata for easier documentation of your work file audits and more. wide range of supported formats import and export a wide range of file formats including psd bmp cineon jpeg jpeg2000 openexr png targa and tiff. adobe device central cs3 create compelling mobile content such as wallpapers and screensavers and then visually preview how it will render on mobile devices using the built-in adobe device central cs3. tune your designs for mobile screen sizes and lighting conditions. zoomify export for high-resolution web display take advantage of adobe flash and zoomify technology to export high-resolution images to the web for viewing through adobe flash player software. flash player displays your image quickly and efficiently letting viewers zoom in on details with minimal delay. third-party solutions and resources take advantage of a wealth of additional resources--including software plug-ins books and training--from the longstanding community of expert photoshop developers authors and trainers. auto-align layers can automatically connect a series of photos into a panorama (left). auto-blend layers can then seamlessly blend lighting and texture to complete the perfect composite image (right). edit with unrivaled power maximize screen space for editing while keeping essential tools accessible. faster performance highest quality conversion and new lighting controls are some of the new hallmarks of camera raw in photoshop cs3. simple intuitive point-and-click monochrome conversion is yours with the new black and white adjustment. the new print interface in photoshop cs3 gathers all of the options you need in one easier-to-use dialog box. nondestructive editing smart filters add adjust and remove filters from an image without having to resave the image or start over to preserve quality. nondestructive smart filters allow you to visualize changes without altering original pixel data. smart objects perform nondestructive scaling rotating and warping of raster and vector graphics with smart objects. even preserve the editability of vector data from adobe illustrator software. professional color and tone control color-correction enhancements take advantage of precision color correction made faster and easier. brightness/contrast now provides better results from the same intuitive interface and enhanced curves controls let you make automatic adjustments with included presets or those you create; convert to black-and-white with point sliders; and use a histogram color channel lines and a clipping preview. black-and-white conversion easily convert color images to rich black-and-white and adjust tonal values and tints with a new tool. experiment with the included black-and-white presets or create and save your own custom presets to achieve the best results. improved channel mixer take advantage of new functionality and a host of presets that make the channel mixer easier to use for black-and-white conversion. enhanced 32-bit high dynamic range (hdr) support create and edit 32-bit images and combine multiple exposures into a single 32-bit image that preserves the full range of a scene--from the deepest shadows to the brightest highlights. new image processing and alignment algorithms deliver superior results. intelligent image editing and enhancement more powerful cloning and healing tools experience greater control when retouching images with cloning tools and the healing brush. see source pixels under your tool or brush for more precise positioning; preview changes to source content live; and set multiple source points scale and rotate in the new clone source palette. rich painting and drawing toolset create or modify images with a wide assortment of professional fully customizable paint settings artistic brushes and drawing tools. enhanced vanishing point take perspective-based editing to a new level with the enhanced vanishing point which lets you create multiple planes in an image connect them at any angle and then wrap graphics text and images around them to create packaging mock-ups and more. composite with breakthrough tools easy compositing and selecting advanced compositing create more accurate composites by automatically aligning multiple photoshop layers or images based on similar content. the auto-align layers command quickly analyzes details and moves rotates or warps layers to align them perfectly and the auto-blend layers command blends the color and shading to create a smooth editable result. improved photomerge technology take advantage of refined photomerge technology which uses new layer-alignment and layer-blending capabilities to let you automatically stitch horizontal or vertical photos into seamless panoramas. quick selection and refine edge tools make selections in a snap. loosely draw on an image area and the quick selection tool automatically completes the selection for you. then fine-tune your selections with the refine edge tool. flexible layers composite images text and effects on hundreds of layers for extraordinarily sophisticated results. organize layers with up to five levels of nesting and save in different combinations as layer comps. which edition of photoshop cs3 is right for you? photoshop cs3 is available in two editions--photoshop cs3 and photoshop cs3 extended--to meet the diverse needs of professionals in a wide range of fields. adobe photoshop cs3 adobe photoshop cs3 extended builds on photoshop cs2 with dozens of improvements increased productivity with a streamlined interface camera raw enhancements next-generation adobe bridge cs3 and zoomify export unrivaled editing power with live filters more precise color correction easier black-and-white conversion and more powerful cloning and healing tools breakthrough compositing with automatic layer alignment and blending capabilities easier selections and improved photomerge® technology 3d and motion support with the ability to edit 3d content and incorporate it into 2d compositions paint and clone over multiple video frames and more comprehensive image analysis with new image measurement and counting tools COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 220 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 512mb ram 64mb vram 2gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card dvd-rom drive internet or ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 842 COL l_ltable.description VAL the fascinating world of wild cats comes alive with this interactive cd-rom. dynamic video and dazzling illustrations take you on a virtual trek around the globe as you explore the lives behavior and natural habitats of our planetâs most intriguing feline species. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL arc media inc. 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 808 COL r_rtable.description VAL the fascinating world of wild cats comes alive with this interactive cd-rom. dynamic video and dazzling illustrations take you on a virtual trek around the globe as you explore the lives behavior and natural habitats of our planet?s most ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 989 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL webroot software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2171 COL r_rtable.description VAL spyware is the fastest growing online threat - studies show that 9 out of 10 internet-connected pcs are infected with spyware. chances are your computer is infected putting your confidential information and your computer's performance at risk. s COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 8 COL l_ltable.description VAL webexpress (win 95 98) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL ingram micro 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2836 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1156 COL l_ltable.description VAL protogo turns your old portable drives or ipods into a bootable diagnostic device. quickly load up micromat's most powerful tools or any of your own utilities. select the device select the desired profile and then press a single button -- protogo will format and configure the device and then install all of the system files and tools you'll need. you can even load up a full-blown mac os x installation including a finder classic and multiple utility programs. protogo includes several profiles for standard system/utility configurations so that you can easily set up a device for your particular needs. rebuild volume directories boot different mac os versions recover data from damaged volumes repartition your drives without losing data run all kinds of utilities system requirements - macintosh capable of running mac os x 10.4 or above / mac os x 10.4 or greater / dvd-rom drive / 512 mb ram or greater / 2 gb or larger target device like an older ipod or other external media device COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL micromat 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3141 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: simple to use import photos rate favorite photos many edit options share photos show me how tutorials ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 888 COL l_ltable.description VAL montage 1.0 is the only screenwriting software exclusively developed for mac os x. it melds a simple user interface with powerful and intuitive features -- providing the best possible writing experience. montage makes it easy to create edit and manage screenplays on your macintosh. using it you can import final draft documents use pre-formatted templates for film tv radio and theater. montage guides the first time screenwriter or the seasoned veteran from start to finish. once your masterpiece is complete you can send your query synopsis and scripts to hundreds of included industry contacts through montage's integration with apple's address book. montage backs up any and all activity within the product native support for cocoa universal and accessible smart views allow writers to visually filter the script to the desired content based on criteria COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL mariner software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 365 COL r_rtable.description VAL join chuck the dump truck and all of his tonka friends in the town where every building and vehicle talks - even buildings and parking meters! there are so many jobs to do in tonka town. you can do everything from collecting the mail to picking up ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1271 COL l_ltable.description VAL mediarecover gives you the ability to recover files you were positively convinced were gone forever - even if you've deleted them. losing memories of vacations and fun times is bad enough but losing important business files can threaten your livelihood. you owe it to yourself to be prepared. mediarecover's 3-step recovery process ensures you can access your photos music and files when you need to! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aladdin systems 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1243 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 542 COL l_ltable.description VAL mavis beacon teaches typing 17 deluxe brings back the classic typing tutorial. let mavis beacon monitor your typing skills as you complete the wide range of lessons and exercises included here. the software monitors your progress flagging your weak spots and offering challenging lessons to help you improve your keyboard skills. download lessons to your palm pilot for easy portable practice sessions straighten up your keyboarding skills -- correct your posture and physical alignment with ergonomic evaluation videos includes bonus software - perfect and update your résumé with the print shop resume pro for pc COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 54 COL r_rtable.description VAL overview computers have changed society and influenced every part of business and personal communication. due to the overwhelming prevalence of computers it is more important than ever to develop strong keyboarding skills. whether you're e-mailing ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 960 COL l_ltable.description VAL encore fate - arrive in the fabled forest town of grove and travel to the outskirts where the old wood meets the dungeon gate. past this iron-clad gate you will determine your destiny and build providence. get tips from townspeople to acquire power with unique weaponry and magic spells. your faithful companion (a cat or jack russell terrier) defends you against monsters that lurk within dark dangerous corridors. within these mysterious walls you'll find infinite adventure and perhaps fortune and glory. take the dare ...test your worth ...and determine your fate! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1055 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1000 COL l_ltable.description VAL enemy tanks have broken the lines and captured a city of strategic importance. your mission as an anti-tank cannon commander is to repel the occupiers and reclaim the city! the freedom of the city and all of its inhabitants depends on you! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL casual arcade 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1022 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 831 COL l_ltable.description VAL looking to complement your business operations with a robust accounting solution? packed with all of the essentials including invoicing and bill paying as well as some of the most advanced accounting features you'll find anywhere peachtree pro accounting 2007 is designed to help you make better decisions for your business. navigation centers provide an easy way to learn your way around peachtree. view larger. use the sales/invoicing window to enter invoices for customers. view larger. save time by running key reports from your most commonly used screens. view larger. the receipts screen allows you to enter all checks cash and credit card slips you receive and deposit them in your checking account. view larger. easily copy the data from a report or financial statement into excel. the formulas in the report you transfer will be maintained in excel. view larger. easy startup easy to learn just minutes after installing the software helpful features like an improved setup guide and preparation checklist navigation centers wizards and a guided tour will make it easy for you to start tracking your finances. the software's navigation centers offer a quick and intuitive way to navigate and gain access to your company's information. from one screen you can conveniently view and drill into lists reports setup screens graphs and more. the software's guided tour and new company setup wizard will take all the mystery out of getting started. best of all if you're moving into peachtree from quickbooks a easy-to-use conversion utility will convert your quickbooks data (versions 4.0 to 2006 basic through enterprise). control choice and flexibility with the software's internal accounting review you can run up to 15 checks at any time on your peachtree data and search for common accounting mistakes such as duplicate transactions and cash receipts that do not debit the correct general ledger cash account. by taking advantage of the online bank reconciliation feature you'll reduce the time it takes to reconcile your bank accounts. simply download your bank statement into peachtree and items that have cleared your bank are matched up with existing entries in peachtree for faster reconciliation. transactions that are missing from peachtree can easily be created from information supplied by your bank. because the software's quick entry account register looks just like your check book register you'll feel right at home but unlike a checkbook the quick entry register allows you to drill down into each transaction for more detail. you will know instantly the payment status of each purchases or invoice so you can easily stay on top of who owes you and who you owe. these features combine to let you track each invoice until it's paid. half the battle to running your own business is being able to keep track of the bills you need to pay. peachtree pro accounting lets you write your checks and pay your bills as if you were working in your own checkbook. and with the software's enhanced reporting features you can even filter out the bills that need to be paid according to date amount due discounts and more. this helps you prioritize exactly how you spend your money. powerful inventory features with advanced features that let you keep track of your inventory peachtree pro accounting keeps you on top of your company's assets at all times. peachtree will not only automatically update your inventory after you invoice your customers or purchase new stock from vendors it will also let you track extensive detail on each of your inventory items such as price levels tax types weight cost method item type and more. robust reporting tools with peachtree pro accounting you can easily compare your actual financials against a budget with a new easier way to create budgets. your new peachtree budgets look and act like a spreadsheet so you save time and avoid mistakes by not having to re-key budget data into other applications. peachtree pro accounting provides all the reporting and analysis tools you need to know at all times where your business stands. you can choose from over 100 reports -- and customize them to look the way you want them -- to better track forecast and budget your finances and get the information vital to your business's success and growth. peachtree's financial manager function can help you to get an instant snapshot view of your business's overall financial performance. you can review such popular ratios as cost of sales profit margins and more as well as up-to-the-minute balances on cash accounts receivable and other vital information. and you can quickly and easily perform what if analyses to understand the impact of changing business conditions with the peachtree cash manager. time-saving at-a-glance features by giving you all the tools you need to gather your company's information into one place you'll manage your business better than ever. you'll be able to find view drill down print and e-mail the precise information you need. you can even quickly create mass mailings or e-mail blitzes and other notifications such as customer newsletters thank you notes and more from the contact information and transaction information that's contained in your peachtree database. in short there's no limit to the ways that peachtree pro accounting will help you keep track of every aspect of your business thereby improving your cash flow and bottom line. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sage software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1526 COL r_rtable.description VAL peachtree pro accounting 2007 is an intermediate-level solution for small businesses that want solid core accounting. its features include general ledger accounts payable and receivable inventory payroll? and more than 100 customizable reports ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 192 COL l_ltable.description VAL mavis beacon teaches typing 16 helps you perform better at work and online with this simple guide to better keyboarding! explore 30 different lessons and perfect typing technique for faster and more efficient work. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL broderbund 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 54 COL r_rtable.description VAL overview computers have changed society and influenced every part of business and personal communication. due to the overwhelming prevalence of computers it is more important than ever to develop strong keyboarding skills. whether you're e-mailing ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 178 COL l_ltable.description VAL brand new sealed full retail boxed edition. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 848 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 646 COL l_ltable.description VAL quake 4 takes you back to the front as you fight against an unrelenting alien enemy. armed with advanced weaponry and vehicles and aided by an elite squad of marines you take the battle to the heart of the strogg home planet and become earth's only hope for victory. they're regrouping but with their planetary defenses ruined you have a chance to deliver a full and final assault. you are matthew kane an elite member of rhino squad and part of earth's next invasion wave. with the makron assumed dead your squad is taking part in an operation to take advantage of the disarray and mop up the rest of the enemy forces on the strogg planet. but your drop ship gets hit and comes down hard killing a large chunk of your squadmates at the opening of the game. from there you'll pull yourself up out of the muck and get down to business. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3076 COL r_rtable.description VAL professional and impressive!imprinted with your business name and address!guaranteed compatible with your quickbooks(r) and quickbooks for windows(r) software.neat and clean. no carbon to touch. runs easily and smoothly through your printer without ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1271 COL l_ltable.description VAL mediarecover gives you the ability to recover files you were positively convinced were gone forever - even if you've deleted them. losing memories of vacations and fun times is bad enough but losing important business files can threaten your livelihood. you owe it to yourself to be prepared. mediarecover's 3-step recovery process ensures you can access your photos music and files when you need to! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aladdin systems 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1758 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1331 COL l_ltable.description VAL art text is an application to create high quality textual graphics headings logos icons web banners and buttons. the program implements the latest mac os x technologies which allow you to easily modify any texts and vector shapes into a fancy graphic. use the result with iwork microsoft office belight applications and other programs. create more compelling business presentations brochures flyers postcards business cards and web sites with the program. pre-designed styles shapes icon art images shading materials and other advanced visual effects make art text a powerful and intuitive program which is a great example of delivering mac os x technologies to everyone. not only professionals but anyone who wants to make his text work look attractive will find a use for the program. apply shadow and glow effects ability to combine text with background image bend text using 22 adjustable vector transformation shapes or bezier splines ability to export into a file or clipboard in tiff jpeg pdf png or other formats system requirements - mac os x 10.4 or later COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL belight software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 707 COL r_rtable.description VAL make any creative project pop off the page with incredible 3-d text effects that get noticed! ultimate fonts boosts your design options with over 1500 true type fonts to choose from or simply use any font installed on your computer. the extreme 3-d ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 566 COL l_ltable.description VAL x-zoom movies on psp is the first commercial video & dvd software for the sony psp. it enables you to quickly convert your dvds or movie files into a format your psp can read and understand. get the best possible picture and audio quality for 10 different input formats: dvd (s)vcd divx avi wmv real mpeg and quicktime. over 10 presets make conversion easy and the fit-to-stick technology resizes movie files to your memory stick size. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL x-oom 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2324 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. because the iriscard pro is a twain scanner you can also digitize your 4x6 pictures much COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 421 COL l_ltable.description VAL procurve vpn client unlimited license COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL hewlett packard 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2422 COL r_rtable.description VAL procurve solutions may not only save you money in the most obvious way (they're often substantially less expensive than competitor offerings) they may also save you money in a number of not-so-obvious ways. because procurve solutions are easy to ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 65 COL l_ltable.description VAL halo takes you deep into the far future with the fate of humanity hanging on your shooting skills! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL macsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 57 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. providing a seamless realtime workflow supporting all video acquisition ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1240 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 469 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: lessons and exercises covers multiple subjects ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 393 COL l_ltable.description VAL obscure takes the survival-horror gaming you love and sets it in a teenage horror film. tortured screams echo through leafmore high's deserted corridors. faceless creatures lurk in the shadows. five teenagers set out to bring light into the darkness - and experience a night that will scar their souls forever. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 848 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1331 COL l_ltable.description VAL art text is an application to create high quality textual graphics headings logos icons web banners and buttons. the program implements the latest mac os x technologies which allow you to easily modify any texts and vector shapes into a fancy graphic. use the result with iwork microsoft office belight applications and other programs. create more compelling business presentations brochures flyers postcards business cards and web sites with the program. pre-designed styles shapes icon art images shading materials and other advanced visual effects make art text a powerful and intuitive program which is a great example of delivering mac os x technologies to everyone. not only professionals but anyone who wants to make his text work look attractive will find a use for the program. apply shadow and glow effects ability to combine text with background image bend text using 22 adjustable vector transformation shapes or bezier splines ability to export into a file or clipboard in tiff jpeg pdf png or other formats system requirements - mac os x 10.4 or later COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL belight software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1613 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: mac os x v10.3.9 or later 1ghz g4/g4/intel mac 256 mb ram 1 gb hd space 32 mb vram internet connection (for net play) COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 735 COL l_ltable.description VAL brand new full retail box COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 235 COL r_rtable.description VAL nan COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1240 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 384 COL r_rtable.description VAL elementary school advantage 2007 delivers the most award-winning content aligned with classroom curriculum. get the best results with six core subjects 300+ lessons 3200+ exercises and more! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 699 COL l_ltable.description VAL popcorn 2 helps you easily make high quality copies of your dvds and movies. enjoy your movies on the couch or on the go with this powerful fit-to-dvd compression technology. you can fit an entire 9 gb dvd video onto a standard 4.7 gb disc. back up a full dvd or create your own director's cut and choose the individual dvd video audio and languages to copy. convert your movies to watch on an ipod psp 3gp mobile phone divx handheld and more. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL roxio 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1430 COL r_rtable.description VAL your movies on dvd psp(tm) and ipod(r)! roxio popcorn 2 helps you easily make high-quality copies of your dvds and movies. convert and transfer your movies to the ipod psp 3gp mobile phones divx handhelds and more. powerful fit-to-dvd(tm) ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1028 COL l_ltable.description VAL capitalizing on the popularity of the ipod psp and zen vision vault360 combo allows consumers to transfer dvd's vcd's svcd's recorded tv or video files and now the addition of music and photos stored on their computers or from disc and many other sources to their device. vault360 directly connects to their device allowing for easy memory management. system requirements: pentium 3 1ghz or equivalent 256 ram 5 400 rpm 20+ gig hard drive 1024 x 768 24-bit graphics card windows xp operating system dvd- rom drive format: win xp COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL navarre (software) 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1556 COL r_rtable.description VAL nan COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 454 COL l_ltable.description VAL find the best excitement and puzzle fun in this entertaining collection of games. complete with high score lists adjustable skill levels save and print word searches and crossword puzzles. simple installation to being playing immediately. includes hoyle rulebook and strategy guide for advanced insider information COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2273 COL r_rtable.description VAL hoyle solitaire gives you 50 different variations of solitaire and built-in tutorials to teach you the rules from the official name in gaming hoyle. system requirements: windows® 98/me/2000/xp pentium ® processor or faster 40 mb hard disk space COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 646 COL l_ltable.description VAL quake 4 takes you back to the front as you fight against an unrelenting alien enemy. armed with advanced weaponry and vehicles and aided by an elite squad of marines you take the battle to the heart of the strogg home planet and become earth's only hope for victory. they're regrouping but with their planetary defenses ruined you have a chance to deliver a full and final assault. you are matthew kane an elite member of rhino squad and part of earth's next invasion wave. with the makron assumed dead your squad is taking part in an operation to take advantage of the disarray and mop up the rest of the enemy forces on the strogg planet. but your drop ship gets hit and comes down hard killing a large chunk of your squadmates at the opening of the game. from there you'll pull yourself up out of the muck and get down to business. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1163 COL r_rtable.description VAL professional and impressive!imprinted with your business name and address!guaranteed compatible with your quickbooks(r) and quickbooks for windows(r) software.neat and clean. no carbon to touch. runs easily and smoothly through your printer without ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 706 COL l_ltable.description VAL symantec pcanywhere 12.0 combines a feature-rich secure remote control solution with remote management and advanced file transfer capabilities. using it you can quickly resolve help desk and server support issues across multiple platforms. the powerful new gateway and host invitation features simplify host and remote connectivity by providing real-time discovery of and secure connection to multiple devices behind firewalls and network address translation (nat) devices. the pcanywhere crossplatform remote is a multi-pane view for simultaneous display of multiple concurrent remote control and/or file transfer sessions. the new remote management tools for pcanywhere mobile provide access to command prompt task manager and system state tools without initiating a remote control session. this greatly reduces steps bandwidth and time required for remote troubleshooting and issue resolution from windows mobile pocket pc or pocket pc phone edition devices. reverse connection to pcanywhere access server from behind firewalls and nat devices -- easing remote access supporting discovery and connectivity challenges without subscription fees access server allows administration capabilities within pcanywhere - logical arrangements of available hosts by customer organization or department includes web remote for hosted web-based access from devices without having pcanywhere pre-installed COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL symantec 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2106 COL r_rtable.description VAL super fast shipping - platinum reseller ratings - over 12 years in business symantec pcanywhere 11.0 combines versatile remote control functionality with secure customizable tools for remote management and file transfer. the integrated remote ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 840 COL l_ltable.description VAL snap! kakuro (win 98 me xp) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1104 COL r_rtable.description VAL macbackup makes computer backup quick and easy! backup wizards are categorized to instantly backup everything on your computer or only your photos music and movies. easily store backups to virtually any kind of media: cd dvd zip disks network ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 608 COL l_ltable.description VAL sharks terrors of the deep demonstrates the latest look and capabilities of this hot screensaver. dynamic backgrounds realistic movement and amazing animation are the latest enhancements brings the aquatic world to life. you'll swear you feel those massive tails brush you as they cruise by! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2324 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. because the iriscard pro is a twain scanner you can also digitize your 4x6 pictures much COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 647 COL l_ltable.description VAL door to door route planning for canada and the us. over 4 000 000 points-of-interest more than 11 500 000 kilometers of road over 75 000 000 house numbers over 6 500 000 streets gps-compatible multi-lingual user interface including french system requirements: power macintosh with mac os x 10.1 powerpc 400 mhz processor 128 mb ram 2.38 gb free hard disk space cd-rom drive 256 colors at 800x600 pixels format: mac 10.1 or higher COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL csdc 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1822 COL r_rtable.description VAL door to door route planning for canada and the us. over 4000000 points-of-interest more than 11500000 kilometers of road over 75000000 house numbers over 6500000 streets gps-compatible multi-lingual user interface COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 609 COL l_ltable.description VAL macbackup protects your computer from disaster. the software quickly restores your computer to its original backed up state. a step-by-step wizard makes backup simple for savinf priceless digital photos music investment and any other personal information. macbackup allows you to easily backup to any recordable cd/dvd local or alternative hard drive network location or ftp site using compression methods to maximize your storage space. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL macware 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 169 COL r_rtable.description VAL moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertaining farming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at the general store. every decision you make could determine whether you bring home the bacon or get put out ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1227 COL l_ltable.description VAL enter the wild rough and tumble world of westward where adventure and untold fortunes await you. explore a huge playing environment and move up to 20 different levels. use quick wits to complete tasks like building homes farms water wells and more to keep your settlers fed housed and employed. if they don't like their situation your settlers will go elsewhere and your town will collapse! look for gold mines watch out for theivin' bandits and engage in dramatic shoot-outs. control the destiny of the west as you build thriving towns explore uncharted plains and guide your settlers to safety and success. features: more than 10 playable main characters customize your town and support an ever-expanding population buy sell and trade a variety of resources evolving and ever-changing scenarios provide many hours of playing fun COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 848 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1331 COL l_ltable.description VAL art text is an application to create high quality textual graphics headings logos icons web banners and buttons. the program implements the latest mac os x technologies which allow you to easily modify any texts and vector shapes into a fancy graphic. use the result with iwork microsoft office belight applications and other programs. create more compelling business presentations brochures flyers postcards business cards and web sites with the program. pre-designed styles shapes icon art images shading materials and other advanced visual effects make art text a powerful and intuitive program which is a great example of delivering mac os x technologies to everyone. not only professionals but anyone who wants to make his text work look attractive will find a use for the program. apply shadow and glow effects ability to combine text with background image bend text using 22 adjustable vector transformation shapes or bezier splines ability to export into a file or clipboard in tiff jpeg pdf png or other formats system requirements - mac os x 10.4 or later COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL belight software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1243 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 487 COL l_ltable.description VAL flash ad creator creates animated ads that look like a flash developer spent hours creating it. save time & money by creating your own ad in your own time and at your own pace. you can even sell them to your clients and start a new career! everything you need to create a custom flash animation is included right here. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL laughing bird 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1613 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: mac os x v10.3.9 or later 1ghz g4/g4/intel mac 256 mb ram 1 gb hd space 32 mb vram internet connection (for net play) COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 829 COL l_ltable.description VAL aquazone bass edition mini box windows xp/w2k/mac osx10.3 or newer COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL smith micro software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1062 COL r_rtable.description VAL mac os x 10.3 or newer; 256 mb ram; 100 mb available disk space; monitor supporting ?millions? of colors. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1318 COL l_ltable.description VAL jeopardy! is one of the all-time tv game shows and now it's available on your computer. choose money tiles in various categories -- behind each one is the answer to a question. can you guess what the question is? enjoy the full tv-game experience with more puzzles and double jeopardy. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1055 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1000 COL l_ltable.description VAL enemy tanks have broken the lines and captured a city of strategic importance. your mission as an anti-tank cannon commander is to repel the occupiers and reclaim the city! the freedom of the city and all of its inhabitants depends on you! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL casual arcade 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1243 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1037 COL l_ltable.description VAL window washer (win 98 me 2000 xp) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL webroot software inc 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1758 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1317 COL l_ltable.description VAL wheel... of... fortune! that's the introduction to america's favorite game show. now you have a chance to spin the wheel as a contestant! this updated version of wheel of fortune has all-new graphics and puzzles to challenge and entertain you. pick a consonant or buy a vowel to solve puzzles in three exciting new game modes: road trip group play and puzzle of the day. create your own profile and earn trophies or virtual cash -- but look out for the dreaded bankrupt and lose a turn wedges. spin to win in the sparkling new version of this beloved game. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1016 COL r_rtable.description VAL now youere in the game! bring vanna white fun puzzles and all the glittering sets of wheel of fortune into your home! spin for fantastic prizes solve the puzzles and hear the studio audience go wild. it is all the action that makes wheel of ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 609 COL l_ltable.description VAL macbackup protects your computer from disaster. the software quickly restores your computer to its original backed up state. a step-by-step wizard makes backup simple for savinf priceless digital photos music investment and any other personal information. macbackup allows you to easily backup to any recordable cd/dvd local or alternative hard drive network location or ftp site using compression methods to maximize your storage space. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL macware 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1027 COL r_rtable.description VAL act! 2007 is a contact and customer manager that helps you make contact build relationships and get results. act! enables you to instantly access key contact and customer information manage and prioritize activities and track all contact-related ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1313 COL l_ltable.description VAL hop q*bert around the board while avoiding coily ugg wrongway slick and sam! look out for coily he'll chase q*bert all around the board. change the color of the cubes to complete each round. based on the 80's arcade phenomenon q*bert 2005 offers 50 different board shapes and level after level of hopping-mad fun! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2862 COL r_rtable.description VAL professional and impressive!imprinted with your business name and address!guaranteed compatible with your quickbooks(r) and quickbooks for windows(r) software.neat and clean. no carbon to touch. runs easily and smoothly through your printer without ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 624 COL l_ltable.description VAL stopzilla 4 offers real-time protection from spyware and adware. it's got the most advanced pop-up protection available and it also has integrated cookie cleaning and history removal. keep your pc security updated constantly with configurable alert warnings and automatic updates. make sure you always intercept unwanted intrusions and annoying online advertising. free 24/7 support via live chat email or toll free 800 number COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL roxio 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1758 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 370 COL l_ltable.description VAL allegro 2005 provides professional-grade instrument sounds terrific marching percussion and more options for getting music on the page. human playback adds dynamics and phrasing to your music making it sound the way you'd like to hear it performed. add two- and three-voice harmonies to your melodies and include multiple drum grooves and styles automatically. allegro can also play back via your midi device or through the included smartmusic soundfont. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL makemusic! 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1027 COL r_rtable.description VAL act! 2007 is a contact and customer manager that helps you make contact build relationships and get results. act! enables you to instantly access key contact and customer information manage and prioritize activities and track all contact-related ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1270 COL l_ltable.description VAL play against one of eight challenging computer opponents or take on your friends and family in four different game modes. play the way you remember in classic mode race against the clock in blitz climb to the top in a tournament or set up a custom tournament and play scrabble your way! play against a friend or a computer opponent with ai designed by real scrabble champions. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL destineer 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2499 COL r_rtable.description VAL all the important spelling skills your child needs taught in a fun style they'll love! / ages 5-9. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1280 COL l_ltable.description VAL final cut studio 2 upgrade from final cut pro delivers an integrated post-production solution that lets you move effortlessly from editing to color grading to creating motion graphics to sculpting audio to multiformat encoding and dvd authoring. this powerful new version features final cut pro 6 motion 3 soundtrack pro 2 compressor 3 dvd studio pro 4 and color the newest member of the suite. editing unleashed final cut studio 2 helps take you beyond mere editing. discover the intuitive power of new creative tools designed expressly for final cut pro editors. rapidly move through editing to motion graphics audio editing and mixing color grading and delivery--all as a natural extension of the work you already do. final cut studio 2 puts a powerful new version of final cut pro at the center of an integrated post-production workflow. final cut studio 2 includes final cut pro 6 motion 3 soundtrack pro 2 compressor 3 dvd studio pro 4 and color--a brand-new application for professional color grading. craft the perfect story using a tightly integrated and innovative suite of products created specifically for video editors. with xml to share project data and quicktime to seamlessly move media between systems final cut studio 2 can fit into virtually any production pipeline or newsroom. it's a final cut world independent filmmakers. hollywood film editors. corporate video and event producers. editors with hourly deadlines cutting broadcast spots or network news. hundreds of thousands of creative professionals all over the world have made final cut pro their first choice for editing. it has rapidly become an industry standard. building on this success apple has designed each application in final cut studio 2 with final cut pro editors in mind. start working quickly with intuitive tools and familiar interfaces. whenever you're ready for precise control a comprehensive set of features is just a click away. the editor's choice final cut studio 2 is fast fluid and flexible. use a laptop on location and a desktop in the studio. start with the tools you already use today and extend your reach when you're ready. final cut studio 2 has everything you need in a single product. edit. use final cut pro 6 for native editing of virtually any format--from dv and sd up to hdv xdcam hd dvcpro hd and fully uncompressed hd. or use prores 422 a new post-production format from apple that offers uncompressed hd quality at sd file sizes. drag clips with different formats and even different frame rates into the new open format timeline. animate. create stunning 2d and 3d motion graphics in real time with motion 3 the fastest and most intuitive way to animate and express your creative vision. just drag and drop to make dramatic particle effects explode into 3d space; form vector-based paint strokes with the swish of a pen. new motion master templates let you edit text and drop in video without leaving final cut pro. mix. record and edit dialogue add music and effects and complete your mix with ease. soundtrack pro 2 lets you work faster than ever in its new streamlined interface. you can even produce in surround sound using innovative visual tools. if you make changes to your edit in final cut pro you can rapidly update your audio mix with the powerful conform feature in soundtrack pro. grade. give your production a signature look or create a consistent feel for shots from different sources. color is the newest member of the final cut studio family offering professional color grading that can elevate the quality of any production. deliver. use compressor 3 to create pristine-quality output for a wide range of delivery formats--including the web ipod iphone apple tv and broadcast servers. a streamlined new interface lets you batch-process encoding with point-and-click ease. if film is your destination use cinema tools 4 to output film lists that combine timecode and keycode in a single list. or use dvd studio pro 4 for professional dvd authoring and mastering. post-production without walls final cut studio 2 is not just a product. it's a platform. open standards encourage innovation giving developers and partners the freedom to create custom solutions. with xml to share project data and quicktime to seamlessly move media between systems final cut studio 2 can fit into virtually any production pipeline or newsroom. whether you're working in a group of 2 or 200 final cut studio lets you collaborate with ease. share media seamlessly across multiple workstations with xsan. use final cut server--with or without xsan--for media asset management and workflow automation that is deeply integrated with final cut studio 2. whether you're cutting commercials editing feature films or pushing out the nightly news final cut server helps you work faster whenever you're working together. final cut pro 6one timeline. infinite possibilities. mix and match source material--both formats and frame rates--in real time using the new open format timeline in final cut pro 6. create exactly the look you want for your projects with the complete set of professional color grading and finishing tools in color. easily create sophisticated 3d environments with depth and realism--with the real-time 3d multiplane compositing tools in motion 3. fly through audio editing and mixing create immersive soundtracks and easily conform audio to video edits using the new streamlined interface in soundtrack pro 2. deliver your best work quickly and easily to virtually any format encoding hands-free on your local mac or across a network of connected mac systems with compressor 3. produce sophisticated fully interactive studio-quality dvd titles with drag-and-drop ease using dvd studio pro 4. the first choice of professional editors worldwide final cut pro 6 delivers high performance digital nonlinear editing native support for virtually any video format and facility-class extensibility and interoperability. its workflow extends through the other final cut studio applications and final cut server for even more power. whether you're working solo or collaborating with a team final cut pro gives you more creative options and technical control than ever before including: broad format support incredible real-time effects comprehensive editing tools expanded power as the hub of final cut studio open extensible architecture colorcolor grading is in the house. color grading involves more than color correction. just as different soundtracks can make a particular scene feel humorous romantic or menacing the look created by a color grade can radically alter the tone and mood of a sequence. color apple's new professional color grading application makes it easy for editors to create signature looks for projects ranging from short video pieces to full-length theatrical films. color offers the following key features: real-time professional color grading dramatic color effects cinema-quality signature looks final cut studio workflows motion 3now playing in 3d. motion 3 takes the complexity out of 3d by extending the 2d tools you already use. with its intuitive interface and rich toolset the only limit is your imagination. send particles exploding through space. swing cameras around an object with breathtaking ease. squiggle a vector-based paint stroke in 3d through the cosmos. motion 3 lets you create 3d motion graphics with drag-and-drop ease startling performance and unprecedented color fidelity. this powerful upgrade to apple's award-winning motion graphics software features: an intuitive real-time design environment flexible animation tools 3d motion graphics done right breathtaking filters and effects numerous time-saving features soundtrack pro 2the next wave in audio post. soundtrack pro 2 offers unprecedented convenience and power to editors. fly through audio editing and mixing with a new streamlined interface that combines the multitrack timeline and waveform editor in a single view. easily create immersive soundtracks with innovative surround sound tools. automatically conform your audio edit to changes made in your video edit. with its familiar interface and intuitive tools soundtrack pro is the final cut pro of audio post-production. key features of soundtrack pro 2 include: streamlined multitrack interface professional editing and dialogue tools intuitive surround sound automatic audio conform process intelligent workflows compressor 3create once. debut everywhere. with increasing demand for media distribution in multiple formats--ranging from hd broadcast to an ipod screen--it's more important than ever to be able to output files efficiently while keeping quality high. the streamlined interface of compressor 3 lets you quickly configure batch processes for encoding to a wide range of industry standard formats. or create format and standards conversions at pristine quality through sophisticated optical flow technology. for the ultimate high-speed workflow set up distributed encoding over a shared-media network powered by xsan. key features of compressor 3 include: streamlined encoding workflow industry-standard encoding support pristine format conversions distributed encoding dvd studio pro 4simply powerful dvd authoring. dvd studio pro 4 makes it easy to extend your creative vision to every aspect of dvd authoring. whether your project is simple or sophisticated you'll enjoy using familiar easy-to-use tools to produce the perfect presentation of your sd or hd content. a comprehensive set of advanced features is available whenever you want more control. key features of dvd studio pro 4 include: intuitive design environment professional authoring tools versatile dvd mastering post-production workgroups collaborate with a small team of editors in a boutique post-production facility. or build a custom workfl ow for a global news network. whether you're sharing a small number of media assets over a lan or supporting hundreds of editors on a san final cut studio makes it easy for everyone to work together. shared media assets small workgroups can share media over a lan or wan by copying assets from a shared volume to a local workstation. for a scalable high-performance shared storage solution final cut studio editors can collaborate over a fibre channel storage area network (san) powered by xsan. with xsan every editor on a project has concurrent access to source media files and never needs to transfer assets between workstations. each mac system accesses shared files on the san as if the storage were directly attached. xsan can support hundreds of concurrent clients and can easily be expanded to provide more storage capacity and bandwidth as your needs grow. asset management and workflow automation meet final cut server apple's powerful new media asset management and workflow automation software. final cut server takes the headache out of managing large collections of media files then extends to tracking job status managing reviews and approvals and automating complex sequences of tasks--all with apple's legendary ease of use and all in a single product designed to work seamlessly with final cut studio. final cut server combines server software designed to run on mac os x with a cross-platform client that runs on either macintosh or windows-based computers. collaborate over a lan or wan with a small number of users or leverage the power of xsan to share media across a large number of workstations. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2828 COL r_rtable.description VAL final cut studio 2. system requirements. minimum requirements to install all final cut studio applications a macintosh computer with a 1.25ghz or faster powerpc g4 powerpc g5 intel core duo or intel xeon processor 1gb of ram an agp or pci express ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 429 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL imagination international corp 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3141 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: simple to use import photos rate favorite photos many edit options share photos show me how tutorials ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1256 COL l_ltable.description VAL stuffit deluxe 11 provides a suite of tools that help you access compress manage protect send and backup all your important files and images! only stuffit gives you access to more that 20 different compression formats. shrink documents up to 98% of their original size. free tons of space on your hard disk and your flash drive. save more compressed files onto cds or dvds! stuffit does what no other compression product has been able to do -- reduce the size of jpeg photos and images up to 30% with absolutely no loss in image quality! super-strong 512-bit encryption and password protection; passwords required to browse archives automate ftp & e-mail -- simplify your life by pointing and clicking self-repairs archived data keeping it safe and secure COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aladdin systems 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1876 COL r_rtable.description VAL overview when you're ready to add a creative touch to your photos and other digital images then print shop 21 deluxe is for you. with over 320000 images and graphics plus another 17500 project templates print shop 21 deluxe gives you everything ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 70 COL l_ltable.description VAL wasp fontware is a powerful bar code utility that seamlessly integrates truetype fonts with your favorite business software and database applications. wasp bar code fonts are compatible with all windows applications including the most common word processors and spreadsheets. easily create bar codes simply by using a font. generating bar codes has never been easier! wasp fontware professional+ package includes additional add-ins for word excel access and crystal reports. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL informatics 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2562 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements macintosh macintosh computer with a powerpc g3 g4 g5 processor or intel processor 256mb of ram cd or dvd drive and hard disk drive mac os x 10.3.9 for powerpc-based macs or mac os x 10.4.5 for intel-based macs windows pentium ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1000 COL l_ltable.description VAL enemy tanks have broken the lines and captured a city of strategic importance. your mission as an anti-tank cannon commander is to repel the occupiers and reclaim the city! the freedom of the city and all of its inhabitants depends on you! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL casual arcade 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1758 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 717 COL l_ltable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! product information ares rising is a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. a branching storyline allows you to chart various courses to success and to replay the game in many different ways. you take responsibility for making alliances purchasing equipment and ultimately tipping the balance of power. ares rising brings together the best strategy combat resource allocation and story telling elements to enable a degree of player freedom rarely achieved. product features multiplayer action with head-to-head and team death match modes. persistent characters allow you to build power reputation and prestige through multiple game sessions. a combination of dog-fighting and strategic combat where proper consideration of advanced tactics and technologies count as much as hot dog piloting. choose from a wide range of devastating tactical weapons including cloaks auto-turrets beam weapons nuclear warheads sensor drones and ship decoys to name a few. all ai pilots work in wingmen groups. employing squadron tactics and complex maneuvers will give you a distinct advantage. system requirements windows 95 98 me only (not xp compatible) pentium 133mhz processor windows 95 with directx 5.0 (included) 16mb of ram 150mb hard drive space 2x cd-rom drive directx certified sound and video card microsoft or 100% compatible mouse recommended requirments pentium 200mhz or higher or k6 3d 32mb of ram 200mb hard drive space 12x cd-rom drive d3d supporting video card with graphics acceleration digital audio compatible sound card joystick please note: the product you are viewing is an older version that is currently in demand and a valuabl COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL interplay 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1055 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 967 COL l_ltable.description VAL pcdefense protects you from: spyware - spyware scan removes the spyware that's compromising your privacy right now spyalarm blocks new spyware threats before they transmit your personal information to online criminals keyloggers: keylogger prevention stops malicious keyloggers from invading your privacy and stealing your identity rootkits: rootkit scan identifies hidden files and processes that are undetectable by conventional security suites viruses: virus scan delivers on-demand web-based scanning tools that are constantly updated protecting you against the latest virus threats system failure: recover from a catastrophic attack rootkit infestation or system failure using disaster recovery. disaster recovery restores your entire system - files settings and programs COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL avanquest software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2917 COL r_rtable.description VAL ilife 06 the must-have update to apples award-winning suite of digital lifestyle applications delivers major upgrades to iphoto imovie hd idvd and garageband plus more. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 13 COL l_ltable.description VAL - marketing information: make your project information work for you! the who what and when of your projects are too important to leave to chance. with details your project information is centralized organized and always up-to-date. in an instant you can communicate project statuses with colleagues and clients with presentation-quality reports and customized forms. product information - software sub type: project management/version control - software name: details v.3.0 - complete product - features and benefits: - easy setup - quickstart templates - accurate reporting - custom forms - the report generator - timeline graphs - submittal logs - project logs - contact fields - hyperlinks - web graphics - calculation fields - work calendar - this pop-up console enables you to oversee and manage the import process when importing data from other applications and files - choice lists - column summaries - language support: english - platform support: pc license information - license type: complete product - license pricing: standard - license quantity: 1 user COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aec software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 196 COL r_rtable.description VAL grass valley procoder 3 continues to provide high-speed high-quality video conversion between multiple formats incorporating the existing features and workflow options found in procoder 2.0 and adding several key new features including canopus hq ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 894 COL l_ltable.description VAL sony media software vegas 6 COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony pictures home entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 655 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. edius pro software can be upgraded to edius broadcast at any time. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL canopus/grass valley 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1037 COL l_ltable.description VAL window washer (win 98 me 2000 xp) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL webroot software inc 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 249 COL r_rtable.description VAL looking to buy a home? this user-friendly program will help guide you through the often nerve-wracking process of home financing. totally secure and self-contained this practical tutorial covers all the bases - from calculating how much house you ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1220 COL l_ltable.description VAL adobe soundbooth cs3 software lets you take command of your audio in film video or adobe flash projects. soundbooth gives you focused tools to bring the same superior quality to your sound as you bring to your visuals. use on-clip controls to make fast edits and intuitive task-based tools to clean up recordings polish voice-overs customize music modify sound effects apply high-quality filters and much more. an intuitive interface and on-clip controls simplify everyday sound tasks like cleaning editing and creating audio. clean up recordings polish voice-overs record audio create audio loops create and export markers to xml and flv to synchronize sound with animation and much more. tight integration with adobe premiere pro cs3 and flash cs3 professional software and an intuitive visual interface mean you can get the job done quickly without sacrificing creative control. intuitive audio editing with on-clip controls autocomposer with customizable music content for homemade scores more than 15 high-quality audio filters -- combine up to 5 with the effects rack streamlined mastering tools polish your file & clarify vocals visual tools for healing sound - reveal and remove individual sounds from a waveform open video files to edit and clean up their audio use adobe media encoder to export to major video formats - mpeg-2 h.264 realvideo flv and more COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1069 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements multicore intel processor mac os x v.10.4.9 512mb of ram (1gb for dv playback; 2gb for hdv and hd playback) 10gb of available hard-disk space 1280x900 monitor resolution with 32-bit video card and 16mb of vram core audio ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 188 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL m and r technologies 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 814 COL r_rtable.description VAL cross stitch design studio (jewel case) brand: m and r technologies mpn: 8006 variant name: cross stitch design studio (jewel case) COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 717 COL l_ltable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! product information ares rising is a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. a branching storyline allows you to chart various courses to success and to replay the game in many different ways. you take responsibility for making alliances purchasing equipment and ultimately tipping the balance of power. ares rising brings together the best strategy combat resource allocation and story telling elements to enable a degree of player freedom rarely achieved. product features multiplayer action with head-to-head and team death match modes. persistent characters allow you to build power reputation and prestige through multiple game sessions. a combination of dog-fighting and strategic combat where proper consideration of advanced tactics and technologies count as much as hot dog piloting. choose from a wide range of devastating tactical weapons including cloaks auto-turrets beam weapons nuclear warheads sensor drones and ship decoys to name a few. all ai pilots work in wingmen groups. employing squadron tactics and complex maneuvers will give you a distinct advantage. system requirements windows 95 98 me only (not xp compatible) pentium 133mhz processor windows 95 with directx 5.0 (included) 16mb of ram 150mb hard drive space 2x cd-rom drive directx certified sound and video card microsoft or 100% compatible mouse recommended requirments pentium 200mhz or higher or k6 3d 32mb of ram 200mb hard drive space 12x cd-rom drive d3d supporting video card with graphics acceleration digital audio compatible sound card joystick please note: the product you are viewing is an older version that is currently in demand and a valuabl COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL interplay 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1453 COL r_rtable.description VAL xoom movies on psp enables you to quickly convert your dvds or movie files into a format your psp can read and understand. get the best possible picture and audio quality for 10 different input formats: dvd (s)vcd divx avi wmv real mpeg quicktime ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1221 COL l_ltable.description VAL note: this is the upgrade version of adobe premiere pro cs3. tell your story with maximum impact using adobe premiere pro cs3 upgrade software the start-to-finish solution for efficient video production that now includes adobe encore cs3 and adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only) formerly the award-winning dv rack hd. save time from on-set capture using adobe onlocation through to output expand your creative options via integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop and deliver your content to dvd blu-ray disc the web and mobile devices. the powerful editing finishing and delivery tools in adobe premiere pro are now available on both mac and windows operating systems. maintain control of your media with multiple project panels customizable panel display settings and instant file searches. export adobe encore cs3 projects as dvd blu-ray disc or flash. when you export as flash encore generates html flv and swf files that provide dvd-style chapter selection playback and interactivity through the flash player. capture edit and deliver to video dvd and the web adobe premiere pro cs3 software available for both mac and windows streamlines the entire video production process from direct-to-disk recording through editing to final delivery for tape disc the web and mobile devices. adobe premiere pro cs3 redefines productivity and flexibility for capturing editing and delivering video content. video professionals want to concentrate on storytelling--not on the nuts and bolts of production--and adobe premiere pro cs3 frees you to focus on telling your story. maximize image quality and work faster during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 software (requires windows and boot camp for mac ) included with adobe premiere pro to calibrate cameras monitor video signals and record directly to disk--all during the shoot. edit every major video format from dv to hd and beyond with adobe premiere pro cs3. improve efficiency and creativity with new workflow and new visual effects features. save time and expand creative options through tight integration with other adobe software including adobe after effects cs3 and adobe photoshop cs3. adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you author once and then output to blu-ray disc dvd and flash swf for the web. adobe premiere pro supports additional delivery platforms including flash and mobile devices letting you reach the widest audience possible. audience benefit corporate and government video producers--adobe premiere pro cs3 provides the tools you need to ensure excellent production values while working quickly to stay on schedule. edit with precise control add stunning effects and move content smoothly to adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop for even more creative control. streamline the review process with adobe clip notes and output to multiple formats quickly and easily to reach more people everywhere. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you communicate with high-quality video and imagery even with tight budgets and looming deadlines. event videographers--small crews and tight deadlines mean you need to work fast even while clients demand higher and higher production values. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you capture events directly to disc with included adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only); work fast with precision editing tools including support for editing multicam shots; create compelling effects via tight integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop cs3; and use the included copy of adobe encore cs3 to deliver content however your clients need it whether on dvd blu-ray disc the web or mobile devices. independent filmmakers--your passion is storytelling. your challenge is finding the right software to handle every aspect of the production process and deliver hollywood-quality imagery. adobe premiere pro cs3 meets this need with a complete toolset for capturing footage direct-to-disc editing imagery and creating titles in post-production producing dvds and delivering web-ready content to promote your films on the internet. and with the included video workshop and training materials you'll have help through every stage of production. post-production boutiques--enjoy advanced editing tools as well as the uncompromised image quality and real-time performance you need in professional broadcast and film post-production. work with all major formats enjoy powerful effects and media management tools get unparalleled integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop software and increase efficiency with workflow enhancements such as adobe clip notes. with adobe premiere pro cs3 and adobe encore cs3 you can deliver your work in the format your client needs from adobe flash video through dvd and blu-ray disc to uncompressed hd. educators and students--adobe premiere pro cs3 offers a complete set of post-production tools that let you handle all aspects of filmmaking and post-production cost effectively from capturing and editing footage to creating titles dvds and promotional materials such as websites that feature video content. use flexible tools to express your creativity work with any file format on both windows and macintosh platforms and deliver your work across multiple media. what's new in adobe premiere pro cs3k dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. high-quality slow motion with time remapping create dramatic slow- and fast-motion effects without exporting clips to another application. with precise keyframe control real-time feedback and excellent quality from advanced frame blending you can slow things down without compromising quality. or generate even better in-between frames through pixel-motion analysis with the timewarp effect. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only) save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. adobe encore cs3 projects for the web with one click easily create adobe flash versions of your dvd and blu-ray disc projects for the web. use adobe encore cs3 to create flash content complete with dvd interactivity and menus without learning flash programming. multiple project windows with smart file search find files faster with search tools that instantly update their results list as you type. sort and organize assets into multiple project windows each with its own graphical or text view setting. display and handle media files making project management easier and more efficient. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. create stunning slow-motion and other retiming effects directly in the timeline by setting and moving time remapping keyframe markers. improve the look of your video with the three-way color corrector and the other precision color-correction tools in adobe premiere pro. improved editing efficiency work faster with powerful and flexible editing tools. play video with nested audio sequences in real time without rendering. replace any clip in the timeline with a new clip while preserving the replaced clip's editing attributes and settings. use shortcuts to switch between workspace panels and save time. output for mobile devices make your video viewable on the latest delivery platforms. encode video for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and simulate playback on those devices to check video quality. download profile updates to simulate the latest devices. flash video export with markers converted to cue points encode video and audio for flash projects and web playback with direct flash video (flv) export. adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline markers become flash cue points that trigger interactivity and navigation. create flash video with ease. improve efficiency and incorporate a tapeless workflow during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3* to monitor your camera's video signal and record it directly to a computer hard drive. the multi-camera window makes editing action recorded with several cameras or in multiple takes as easy as pointing and clicking. additional features efficient tools for creative editing create high-quality visual and editorial effects directly within the editing timeline. generate slow motion and other time-remapping effects with precise keyframe control and real-time feedback. add color correction lighting and other effects audio filters and more with fast flexible and built-in tools. edit footage from multicam shoots with ease and precision. comprehensive video format compatibility work with the formats you want. edit all standard- or high-definition formats from dv through hdv to hd and beyond (some formats may require additional hardware). broad range of supporting hardware and software for mac and windows choose from a wide range of mac and windows workstations and capture cards to build the editing system that exactly meets your needs and budget. enhance your system with additional plug-ins including many from adobe after effects software. dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. superior integration with other adobe applications make the leading still and motion graphics applications adobe photoshop and after effects part of an efficient post-production workflow. import and animate photoshop layers. automatically create photoshop files that match the current project's frame size and aspect ratio. drag and drop or copy and paste clips and timelines between adobe premiere pro cs3 and after effects cs3 professional. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only) save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. delivery to the web and mobile devices make your video viewable on today's and tomorrow's delivery platforms. export as adobe flash video (flv). easily convert dvd projects complete with menus to flash swf files for web playback. encode for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and emulate playback on those devices to check playback quality. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. multicam editing view multiple video tracks from a multiple-camera shoot easily sync via timecode and edit by switching between tracks in real time. rerecord sections of your edit make fine adjustments using all the standard timeline editing tools and easily adjust color correction across multiple shots even after editing. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. mac os x compatibility use adobe premiere pro cs3 on the latest intel based macintosh computers. aaf and edl import/export exchange project metadata with major video film and audio applications via industry-standard advanced authoring format (aaf) aaf with edit protocol and edit decision list (edl) files (aaf import/export for windows only). comprehensive vtr support control video decks through rs-422 and rs-232 serial protocols or firewire for precise batch capturing recapturing and insert editing. file management with adobe bridge work more efficiently by using adobe bridge cs3 to search for and access your project files preview and apply settings run batch processes and tag assets with xmp metadata. * for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires boot camp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows based computer. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3160 COL r_rtable.description VAL adobe premiere pro cs3 mac upgrade from premiere pro or encore. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1271 COL l_ltable.description VAL mediarecover gives you the ability to recover files you were positively convinced were gone forever - even if you've deleted them. losing memories of vacations and fun times is bad enough but losing important business files can threaten your livelihood. you owe it to yourself to be prepared. mediarecover's 3-step recovery process ensures you can access your photos music and files when you need to! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aladdin systems 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 655 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. edius pro software can be upgraded to edius broadcast at any time. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL canopus/grass valley 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1026 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL navarre (software) 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1104 COL r_rtable.description VAL macbackup makes computer backup quick and easy! backup wizards are categorized to instantly backup everything on your computer or only your photos music and movies. easily store backups to virtually any kind of media: cd dvd zip disks network ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1362 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL nero inc. 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1663 COL r_rtable.description VAL nan COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 13 COL l_ltable.description VAL - marketing information: make your project information work for you! the who what and when of your projects are too important to leave to chance. with details your project information is centralized organized and always up-to-date. in an instant you can communicate project statuses with colleagues and clients with presentation-quality reports and customized forms. product information - software sub type: project management/version control - software name: details v.3.0 - complete product - features and benefits: - easy setup - quickstart templates - accurate reporting - custom forms - the report generator - timeline graphs - submittal logs - project logs - contact fields - hyperlinks - web graphics - calculation fields - work calendar - this pop-up console enables you to oversee and manage the import process when importing data from other applications and files - choice lists - column summaries - language support: english - platform support: pc license information - license type: complete product - license pricing: standard - license quantity: 1 user COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aec software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2836 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 988 COL l_ltable.description VAL anti-virus 2007 is the latest antivirus protection for your home and home office pc. take comfort while you're online -- you'll be defended by a tool that offers complete virus protection. secure your pc against thousands of computer viruses worms and trojan-horse programs. it's your all-in-one tool for complete protection detection and elimination of online threats. vista compatible COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL computer associates 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1649 COL r_rtable.description VAL ca antivirus 2007 is an award-winning antivirus solution that provides complete protection detection and eleimnation of thousands of computer viruses worms and trogan horse programs. system requirements: 10 mb hard disk space COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1079 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL abacus 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2356 COL r_rtable.description VAL everybody likes the zoo. and why not casual walks exotic animals and fried foods are good fun. managing a zoo of your very own is even better. zoo tycoon challenges you to build a zoo one path tile one iron-reinforced fence and one animal at a ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1303 COL l_ltable.description VAL the guild 2: pirates of the seas is the first true life simulation series that brings you into the age of piracy. it's a fascinating realistic look at a dangerous & thrilling era in history. in this expansion to the original guild you'll add a huge new playing area and new like the hanse located at the shores of the european seas. sea battles and naval trading are added to the gameplay and a new campaign mode provides more than 10 hours of additional fun. new professions - pirate and medicus COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2035 COL r_rtable.description VAL the first true life simulation series set in the fascinating medieval times! the add-on expands and transforms the game into an even greater experience by adding a huge area including the cities of the hanse located at the shores of the european ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 70 COL l_ltable.description VAL wasp fontware is a powerful bar code utility that seamlessly integrates truetype fonts with your favorite business software and database applications. wasp bar code fonts are compatible with all windows applications including the most common word processors and spreadsheets. easily create bar codes simply by using a font. generating bar codes has never been easier! wasp fontware professional+ package includes additional add-ins for word excel access and crystal reports. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL informatics 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 848 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1037 COL l_ltable.description VAL window washer (win 98 me 2000 xp) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL webroot software inc 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 169 COL r_rtable.description VAL moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertaining farming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at the general store. every decision you make could determine whether you bring home the bacon or get put out ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 999 COL l_ltable.description VAL welcome to the funny farm!product information>moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertainingfarming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at thegeneral store. protect your sheep from wild wolves by keeping them COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL casual arcade 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 609 COL r_rtable.description VAL race vehicles on courses you design! get ready for rugged racing on 4 different terrains - desert tundra jungle and the country. you can design and build the track - right down to wild obstacles for crashing. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1233 COL l_ltable.description VAL macdrive 7 is the ultimate solution for sharing files between mac os and windows. there are no special steps and nothing new to learn -- just install macdrive and windows becomes a cross-platform file sharing powerhouse. once macdrive is installed you'll forget it's even there -- and wish you'd installed it sooner. it's perfect for graphic design audio video education digital photography publishing word processing cad/cam database administration and much more. macdrive 7 works with just about anything you can throw at it - hard drives cd-r/rw dvd rw/ r floppies ipods flash drives zip jaz mo dmg virtual disk files and more COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL mediafour corporation 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 338 COL r_rtable.description VAL covers what the basic beginner needs to know about playing the drums. step-by-step video lessons and a guide to reading music! the interactive guide will show you how to get started from selecting the right drum set to playing beats and rolls that ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1235 COL l_ltable.description VAL after a troubled tropical trip and a wild winter retreat super granny is faced with her most ambitious adventure yet! granny's precious kitties are in an old-world theme park and she must rescue them before they get snatched by her enemies! 5 worlds and 200 levels of mayhem keep you entertained with new puzzles challenging dexterity stunts and beastly enemies. granny is tougher than ever as she wields her frying pan speeds in her super sneakers and floats on her umbrella to save her kitties.features new dangerous enemies to avoid plenty of tongue in cheek humor all-new level editor for endless possibilities COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2486 COL r_rtable.description VAL minimum system requirements: operating system: mac os x 10.3.9 or later cpu processor: powerpc g5 or intel chipset cpu speed: 1.8 ghz memory: 512 mb or higher hard disk space: 2.5gb free disk space video card (ati): radeon 9600 video card (nvidia): ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1131 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL simply put software llc 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2162 COL r_rtable.description VAL upg freehand 11 mac eng cd 1u upg from 9.x COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 8 COL l_ltable.description VAL webexpress (win 95 98) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL ingram micro 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1176 COL r_rtable.description VAL summitsoft wedding fonts offers a collection of hand selected fonts ranging from fancy and decorative to traditional and refined. take your pick of fonts for all types of wedding stationary such as invitations rsvps thank you cards place settings ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1038 COL l_ltable.description VAL window washer (win 98 me 2000 xp) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL navarre (software) 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2210 COL r_rtable.description VAL a pc magazine editorsæ choice award winner window washer® 6.0 improves pc performance in just minutes by cleaning out system clutter. additionally window washer protects your privacy by washing away online activities that are traced through your i COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1248 COL l_ltable.description VAL bring your vision to life with blockbuster visual effects and compelling motion graphics in adobe after effects cs3 professional software. work with sophisticated tools and enjoy tight integration with adobe's leading design applications while you deliver stunning work to virtually any media type. design from scratch or jump-start projects from hundreds of fully customizable presets and templates--all from within a streamlined interface. an elaborate animation made up of multiple variations on a six-pointed star is easy to create; the repeater feature makes it possible to offset variations on a theme. all properties of the shape can also be keyframed. layer styles can transform the look of text with just a few clicks. here outer glow and a drop shadow add visual interest and dimension. styles can be toggled on and off even animated. just a few examples of what is possible with per-character 3d text. create motion graphics and visual effects with the industry standard take your inspiration to new heights: create beautiful sophisticated animations and effects more effectively than ever with adobe after effects cs3 professional. whether you design from scratch or jump-start projects from any of the hundreds of customizable templates and presets the latest version of after effects lets you exceed expectations with less effort. use innovative new features like shape layers the puppet tool brainstorm and clip notes to design animate and review with greater creative freedom. after effects is available as a standalone product or as a component of adobe creative suite 3 production premium and master collection software. eliminate rerendering and move easily between after effects adobe premiere pro cs3 and encore cs3 software using adobe dynamic link part of production premium. adobe creative suite 3 production premium is a complete digital video production solution in which adobe after effects cs3 provides the ability to generate animations and composites of all kinds from stylized motion graphics to realistic visual effects. adobe creative suite 3 master collection combines the powerful components of production premium with those of creative suite 3 design premium and web premium. whether you are a motion graphics designer visual effects artist video editor or a designer of rich media for the web adobe after effects cs3 professional lets you: innovate visually--unleash your creative vision with responsive controls and amazing effects. animate freely and with even more flexibility using new shape layers and the new puppet tool. use the new brainstorm interface to naturally evolve animation variations based on parameters you choose. maximize your time--deliver your best work on schedule. the intuitive interface in adobe after effects cs3 professional lets you accomplish even the most complex tasks faster while keeping you focused on your vision. enhanced multi-core and multi-processor support enables faster renders; powerful integration allows you to move quickly and efficiently between after effects and adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe premiere pro cs3 adobe flash cs3 professional adobe illustrator cs3 and adobe encore cs3. design for tomorrow today--adobe after effects cs3 professional delivers on tomorrow's challenges today with flexible tools that anticipate the future of design and animation. work with tools that enable you to deliver professional results on virtually any type of media. create quicktime and flash video for the web and work with a wide range of formats from hdv to openexr h.264 and camera raw. ensure output quality for an array of supported mobile devices. after effects is available for intel and power pc mac or for microsoft windows xp and windows vista. audience benefit motion graphics and visual effects professionals--as a professional in your field you need to meet tight deadlines for clients who demand the highest quality productions. adobe after effects cs3 professional helps you reach peak performance and realize your vision with the industry's leading compositing and animation tools for creating stunning motion graphics and visual effects. with improved performance and tight integration with other adobe applications you'll get there faster moving quickly and efficiently between after effects and adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe premiere pro cs3 flash cs3 professional illustrator cs3 and encore cs3 while getting the best performance from your hardware. video editors and producers--when budgets are tight and clients are on a deadline adobe after effects cs3 professional offers an intuitive easy-to-learn interface along with powerful tools to enhance your production values. tight integration with adobe's other professional video applications means you can get great results quickly and when you need to jump-start projects without sacrificing quality you can use the new brainstorm feature or customize any of hundreds of timesaving professionally designed presets and templates. flash animators and graphic designers--work with state-of-art animation tools inside a familiar adobe interface and enjoy unprecedented integration with adobe flash as well as other adobe applications you already use including photoshop and illustrator. graphic designers can import photoshop and illustrator files with layers transparency and blend modes intact to bring still imagery to life. flash animators can import and output swf or flv files with alpha channels and cue points. new in adobe after effects cs3 professional shape layers easily create and animate vector graphics with new shape layers. add and animate strokes fills gradients and vector effects. you can convert text into shapes and animate them just like any other shape type. puppet tool this new fast and intuitive animation tool lets you squash and stretch images or text to bring it to life as an animated character. use motion sketch to record the position and speed of your puppet movements the starch tool to stiffen areas of the character and the overlap tool to control the depth of elements of your puppet. adobe photoshop cs3 extended integration enjoy a streamlined workflow with support for importing layered photoshop images that include video layers. sophisticated photoshop layer styles can be easily modified or animated within after effects. import vanishing point data from photoshop into after effects to build 3d compositions automatically. tight integration with adobe flash cs3 professional work more efficiently to create and edit flash animations. preserve vectors from animations created in after effects for lean and clean delivery and create flash video more easily. import swf files as vectors with alpha channels preserved and batch render flash videos with embedded cue points. per-character 3d text animation explore new text animation possibilities by making individual characters in your text--or an entire phrase--move and rotate in 3d space. brainstorm jump-start animations with brainstorm a new user interface that offers variations on selected design and animation parameters. choose which properties and effects you want to explore and brainstorm will propose animated variations. complete color management workflow enable color management simply by selecting a project working space. doing so helps ensure the color accuracy of imported files as they are displayed and rendered and allows you to preview how footage will look on other devices. adobe clip notes streamline the review and approval process. render your work into an adobe pdf file that enables anyone with adobe reader software to make timecode-accurate comments. when you import the comments into after effects they appear as markers on the timeline. enhanced performance harness your computer's processing power with new multicore and graphics acceleration plus disk caching so you can spend less time waiting and more time creating. distribute rendering across your entire network to maximize output performance. 3d compositions from vanishing point export vanishing point data from photoshop extended and then import into after effects to automatically build a 3d composition from the 2d photoshop image. additional features innovative compositing and animation tools create high-impact communications by combining moving imagery still images and graphics text and sound in 2d or 3d space and then animating virtually any aspect of each element. text and vector graphics creation and animation create text and vector graphics in after effects using familiar adobe tools and then animate these elements to create visually innovative new motion graphics. extensive visual effects manipulate moving and still images using hundreds of effects such as stylize distort shatter and time remapping. create grids radio waves 3d particles film grain fractal noise and more. timesaving toolsstart projects quickly with animation presets and behaviors when creating common animation elements such as animating text in and out creating synthetic backgrounds and more. use new brainstorm to quickly experiment and refine designs using parameters you define. learn fast with tool tips and training resources in the box and on the web and streamline your review process with clip notes to create and import comments. comprehensive masking and keying tools control which portions of a layer are visible by importing manipulating and animating masks; flexible auto-tracing options and rotobezier masks make it easy to get precise results. key bluescreen and greenscreen mattes with the academy award-winning keylight and a host of supporting tools. powerful motion controls animate graphics and text using the puppet tool. apply motion blur to produce more realistic animations or use timewarp to slow down and speed up footage. precisely match the motion of source footage using motion tracker and get the look of a locked-off shot using motion stabilizer. enhanced performance harness your computer's processing power with new multicore and graphics acceleration plus disk caching so you can spend less time waiting and more time creating. distribute rendering across your entire network to maximize output performance. professional results for every media type compatibility with an extensive list of output formats lets you produce animated content for virtually any media from the web and mobile devices to film and broadcast. plus after effects cs3 professional introduces color management tools to help make the color-correction process more predictable and preserve color fidelity. high-fidelity color use standard color management tools with enhancements for film and video workflows. 32-bit 2d and 3d compositing and animation create high-impact communications by combining moving imagery graphics text and sound in 2d or 3d space and then animating virtually any aspect of each element. freely work with high dynamic range imagery in a color-managed workflow. per-character 3d text animation explore new text animation possibilities by making individual characters in your text--or an entire phrase--move and rotate in 3d space. complete color management workflow enable color management simply by selecting a project working space. doing so helps ensure the color accuracy of imported files as they are displayed and rendered and allows you to preview how footage will look on other devices. project templates use included project templates for dvd motion menus and motion graphics backgrounds. nondestructive vector painting paint nondestructively on layers to clean up footage draw masks clone elements and create animations. 32-bit audio tools import 32-bit audio files mixed and mastered in adobe soundbooth or adobe audition software. fine-tune audio levels precisely using vu meters with peak and clip indicators on the audio panel. color accuracy take advantage of an end-to-end color management workflow to ensure color accuracy throughout your production pipeline. powerful masking and keying tools for creating video transparency control which portions of a layer are visible by importing manipulating and animating masks. key bluescreen and greenscreen mattes with academy award-winning keylight and a host of supporting tools to rival those available in any other application. flexible auto-tracing options and rotobezier masks make it easy to get precise results. video for mobile use new rendering options and preview in adobe device central cs3 to help ensure your video will look great on an array of supported mobile devices. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2514 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 512mb ram (1gb recommended) 1gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card dvd-rom drive ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1081 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony media software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1622 COL r_rtable.description VAL enjoy countless hours of reading pleasure with this deluxe compilation of classic works from over 200 authors. features all the major classics of english literature including novels mysteries poetry sci-fi romance horror and more. annotate each ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 206 COL l_ltable.description VAL organize analyze and present your data with precision and panache. the new tools in microsoft excel 2004 for mac give you more control over your spreadsheets and the enhanced charting tools give you more dynamic ways to display your information. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 162 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: gather and organize notes search efficiently work more effectively synchronize info ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 159 COL l_ltable.description VAL powerdirector 3 - it's everything you need to enhance your camcorder videos! turn simple home movies into high-quality productions with the suite of editing tools included here. svrt ii dv quickscan for faster scanning and rendering of digital video burn your recordings right to cd or dvd with the easy authoring program dolby digital & ac3 decoding support for better audio and even soundtracks COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL avanquest publishing usa inc. 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3014 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements mac os x (version 10.3.9 or higher with latest revision applied) macintosh® computer with a 700 mhz or faster power pc® g4 power pc g5 or intel® processor 256 mb of ram (512 mb recommended) mouse or tablet 24-bit color display ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1356 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL emedia 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2273 COL r_rtable.description VAL hoyle solitaire gives you 50 different variations of solitaire and built-in tutorials to teach you the rules from the official name in gaming hoyle. system requirements: windows® 98/me/2000/xp pentium ® processor or faster 40 mb hard disk space COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1318 COL l_ltable.description VAL jeopardy! is one of the all-time tv game shows and now it's available on your computer. choose money tiles in various categories -- behind each one is the answer to a question. can you guess what the question is? enjoy the full tv-game experience with more puzzles and double jeopardy. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 827 COL r_rtable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 70 COL l_ltable.description VAL wasp fontware is a powerful bar code utility that seamlessly integrates truetype fonts with your favorite business software and database applications. wasp bar code fonts are compatible with all windows applications including the most common word processors and spreadsheets. easily create bar codes simply by using a font. generating bar codes has never been easier! wasp fontware professional+ package includes additional add-ins for word excel access and crystal reports. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL informatics 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 383 COL r_rtable.description VAL startopia takes gamers to a once thriving galactic network of starships space stations and planets left lifeless with redundant scars of the apocalypse. as stationmaster your mission is to rebuild the abandoned space stations reunite the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 393 COL l_ltable.description VAL obscure takes the survival-horror gaming you love and sets it in a teenage horror film. tortured screams echo through leafmore high's deserted corridors. faceless creatures lurk in the shadows. five teenagers set out to bring light into the darkness - and experience a night that will scar their souls forever. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2530 COL r_rtable.description VAL grab your first edge in business by positioning yourself for success. you don't need to know accounting or even care about accounting to know that your business future depends largely on good financial organization that lets you know where your ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1038 COL l_ltable.description VAL window washer (win 98 me 2000 xp) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL navarre (software) 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1055 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 425 COL l_ltable.description VAL build skills on your way to clifford's big party!product informationclifford the bit red dog may be big and red but as far as he's concerned he'sjust like any other dog. that's why when clifford tries to do what other dogsdo things can get a little out of COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL scholastic 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 322 COL r_rtable.description VAL children direct this skill-building journey through clifford's neighborhood looking for ways to make his party big fun! kids are presented with challenges that require them to use their problem solving skills to complete various steps. the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 140 COL l_ltable.description VAL with ilisten you'll make it easy to dictate text as well as edit and format it with the power of your voice! new dock menu gives you one click access to ilisten's most used functions fully applescript compatible and internet ready does not include mic and headset COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL macspeech inc. 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3167 COL r_rtable.description VAL from chaos comes order. private prisons have become the new growth industry. you will construct and run an efficient rehabilitation facility with nothing but money on your mind. there's no escaping under your watchful eye as you oversee every detail ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 562 COL l_ltable.description VAL explore the world of super collapse 3! in this exciting new quest your journey will take you through ten different realms -- with many stops along the way. visit the shop in each town to purchase power-up items to help you in your quest. for a distraction take in ten entertaining new games in the casino of each town. you can play the classic collapse! games that you know and love along with three new challenging modes. challenge yourself to the new slider continuous and countdown modes. how long can you survive? COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL mumbo jumbo 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 196 COL r_rtable.description VAL grass valley procoder 3 continues to provide high-speed high-quality video conversion between multiple formats incorporating the existing features and workflow options found in procoder 2.0 and adding several key new features including canopus hq ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 13 COL l_ltable.description VAL - marketing information: make your project information work for you! the who what and when of your projects are too important to leave to chance. with details your project information is centralized organized and always up-to-date. in an instant you can communicate project statuses with colleagues and clients with presentation-quality reports and customized forms. product information - software sub type: project management/version control - software name: details v.3.0 - complete product - features and benefits: - easy setup - quickstart templates - accurate reporting - custom forms - the report generator - timeline graphs - submittal logs - project logs - contact fields - hyperlinks - web graphics - calculation fields - work calendar - this pop-up console enables you to oversee and manage the import process when importing data from other applications and files - choice lists - column summaries - language support: english - platform support: pc license information - license type: complete product - license pricing: standard - license quantity: 1 user COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aec software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 97 COL r_rtable.description VAL un-chain your mind with chainz a challenging puzzle game of colorful logic. rotate links to form chains of matching colors. set up chain reactions and incorporate bonus links for big rewards. you can play at your own pace or try and beat the clock! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 414 COL l_ltable.description VAL acid pro 5 puts total composition and editing power in the hands of the producer. it's the first loop-based music creation application for almost any level of musical expertise. it's got all the features you need to produce truly professional results. includes more than 1 000 loops from the sony sound series - loops & samples collection plus the native instrument xpress keyboards vsti soft synth bundle COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 57 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. providing a seamless realtime workflow supporting all video acquisition ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1331 COL l_ltable.description VAL art text is an application to create high quality textual graphics headings logos icons web banners and buttons. the program implements the latest mac os x technologies which allow you to easily modify any texts and vector shapes into a fancy graphic. use the result with iwork microsoft office belight applications and other programs. create more compelling business presentations brochures flyers postcards business cards and web sites with the program. pre-designed styles shapes icon art images shading materials and other advanced visual effects make art text a powerful and intuitive program which is a great example of delivering mac os x technologies to everyone. not only professionals but anyone who wants to make his text work look attractive will find a use for the program. apply shadow and glow effects ability to combine text with background image bend text using 22 adjustable vector transformation shapes or bezier splines ability to export into a file or clipboard in tiff jpeg pdf png or other formats system requirements - mac os x 10.4 or later COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL belight software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1055 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 717 COL l_ltable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! product information ares rising is a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. a branching storyline allows you to chart various courses to success and to replay the game in many different ways. you take responsibility for making alliances purchasing equipment and ultimately tipping the balance of power. ares rising brings together the best strategy combat resource allocation and story telling elements to enable a degree of player freedom rarely achieved. product features multiplayer action with head-to-head and team death match modes. persistent characters allow you to build power reputation and prestige through multiple game sessions. a combination of dog-fighting and strategic combat where proper consideration of advanced tactics and technologies count as much as hot dog piloting. choose from a wide range of devastating tactical weapons including cloaks auto-turrets beam weapons nuclear warheads sensor drones and ship decoys to name a few. all ai pilots work in wingmen groups. employing squadron tactics and complex maneuvers will give you a distinct advantage. system requirements windows 95 98 me only (not xp compatible) pentium 133mhz processor windows 95 with directx 5.0 (included) 16mb of ram 150mb hard drive space 2x cd-rom drive directx certified sound and video card microsoft or 100% compatible mouse recommended requirments pentium 200mhz or higher or k6 3d 32mb of ram 200mb hard drive space 12x cd-rom drive d3d supporting video card with graphics acceleration digital audio compatible sound card joystick please note: the product you are viewing is an older version that is currently in demand and a valuabl COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL interplay 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 657 COL r_rtable.description VAL mylabels premium lets you create and print professional labels in minutes. choose from pre-designed labels or create your own from scratch. quickly add addresses text images and objects. easily add color and align and rotate text and shapes. use ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 414 COL l_ltable.description VAL acid pro 5 puts total composition and editing power in the hands of the producer. it's the first loop-based music creation application for almost any level of musical expertise. it's got all the features you need to produce truly professional results. includes more than 1 000 loops from the sony sound series - loops & samples collection plus the native instrument xpress keyboards vsti soft synth bundle COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2562 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements macintosh macintosh computer with a powerpc g3 g4 g5 processor or intel processor 256mb of ram cd or dvd drive and hard disk drive mac os x 10.3.9 for powerpc-based macs or mac os x 10.4.5 for intel-based macs windows pentium ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 608 COL l_ltable.description VAL sharks terrors of the deep demonstrates the latest look and capabilities of this hot screensaver. dynamic backgrounds realistic movement and amazing animation are the latest enhancements brings the aquatic world to life. you'll swear you feel those massive tails brush you as they cruise by! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 169 COL r_rtable.description VAL moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertaining farming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at the general store. every decision you make could determine whether you bring home the bacon or get put out ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 881 COL l_ltable.description VAL hoyle backgammon is great for players of all levels! tired of playing plain old backgammon? dive into a challenging game of backgammon and play as if you are back in the feudal era! simulating the setting of a medieval environment hoyle backgammon allows you to escape into a magical world of 16th century opponents so you build strategy & skill as you work your way through the different levels of this 5 star game - just don't get ?hit!? 10 user-selectable character opponents multiple sound/music options minimum system requirements - windows 98se/me/2000 sp4/xp (home and pro) sp1 pentiumii 233mhz 32mb ram (128mb for xp) 20mb hard disk space 4x cd-rom 8mb video ram COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 46 COL r_rtable.description VAL turn a deck of cards into 18 games of hours of fun! enjoy the classic card games from bridge canasta euchre and solitaire to spades gin rummy go fish and so many more! included free is a friday night poker cd with 13 additional games and two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1331 COL l_ltable.description VAL art text is an application to create high quality textual graphics headings logos icons web banners and buttons. the program implements the latest mac os x technologies which allow you to easily modify any texts and vector shapes into a fancy graphic. use the result with iwork microsoft office belight applications and other programs. create more compelling business presentations brochures flyers postcards business cards and web sites with the program. pre-designed styles shapes icon art images shading materials and other advanced visual effects make art text a powerful and intuitive program which is a great example of delivering mac os x technologies to everyone. not only professionals but anyone who wants to make his text work look attractive will find a use for the program. apply shadow and glow effects ability to combine text with background image bend text using 22 adjustable vector transformation shapes or bezier splines ability to export into a file or clipboard in tiff jpeg pdf png or other formats system requirements - mac os x 10.4 or later COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL belight software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1758 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 90 COL l_ltable.description VAL a rich and intriguing adventure in a&nbsp; world where murders are committed according to ancestral mystic beliefs...where nothing will be the same again. product informationa frightening ritualistic murder has taken place in an upscale hotel COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 274 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 877 COL l_ltable.description VAL state standards grade 8 has everything you need to help your child succeed. in one package you'll help your son or daughter understand state tests and get passing grades on them. diagnose problem areas improve results and print out progress-monitoring reports. covers everything a child is expected to know when at the 3rd grade level. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 81 COL r_rtable.description VAL state standards is everything you need to understand state tests and help your child succeed all in one place! diagnose problem areas improve results and print out progress-monitoring reports. create your own tests to target essential mathematics ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 731 COL l_ltable.description VAL the sims complete collection includes the sims and all seven expansion packs -- all in one convenient package. an entire world of sims awaits your quirky command. it's your neighborhood they're your sims and whether they prosper or perish is completely up to you! with the sims - unleashed you'll add a furry friend to your sims family. housebreak your pets train them to do tricks buy them toys and do your best to keep them from destroying the house! the sims - superstar lets you experience the lifestyles of the rich and famous and guide your sims to superstardom. become a movie star rocker or supermodel and spend your cash on extravagant new items for your home. in the sims - makin' magic you'll cast spells hypnotize friends and even turn a neighbor into a frog. but watch out spells can go haywire if you're not careful. the neighborhood will never be the same! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1243 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 845 COL l_ltable.description VAL carrara 5 pro enables artists to build a complete animated project from start to finish -- all with a single piece of software. it multitude of features give you a robust suite of modeling animation and rendering tools. from the multiple modelers to the preset textures and shaders to the ultra-fast and realistic rendering carrara 5 gives you all you need -- wrapped in an intuitive user interface that experienced 3d artists and novices alike will embrace. the software supports both macintosh and windows platforms takes advantage of opengl acceleration and network rendering and provides superior interchange with industry-leading design applications web tools and video editing and effects software. volumetric clouds realistically scatter the light of the atmosphere 3d manipulators and edge-tools advanced surface tools and soft selection object replicator tool all-new particle system animation graph editor COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL eovia 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2282 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. release date: 04/01/2006 COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL navarre distribution services 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 967 COL l_ltable.description VAL pcdefense protects you from: spyware - spyware scan removes the spyware that's compromising your privacy right now spyalarm blocks new spyware threats before they transmit your personal information to online criminals keyloggers: keylogger prevention stops malicious keyloggers from invading your privacy and stealing your identity rootkits: rootkit scan identifies hidden files and processes that are undetectable by conventional security suites viruses: virus scan delivers on-demand web-based scanning tools that are constantly updated protecting you against the latest virus threats system failure: recover from a catastrophic attack rootkit infestation or system failure using disaster recovery. disaster recovery restores your entire system - files settings and programs COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL avanquest software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1291 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 90 COL l_ltable.description VAL a rich and intriguing adventure in a&nbsp; world where murders are committed according to ancestral mystic beliefs...where nothing will be the same again. product informationa frightening ritualistic murder has taken place in an upscale hotel COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 196 COL r_rtable.description VAL grass valley procoder 3 continues to provide high-speed high-quality video conversion between multiple formats incorporating the existing features and workflow options found in procoder 2.0 and adding several key new features including canopus hq ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 563 COL l_ltable.description VAL topics entertainment instant immersion italian deluxe 2.0 you set the pace for learning with this series of personalized beginner intermediate and advanced programs. with entertaining instruction on 20 key lessons including vocabulary grammar and phonetics you will quickly start speaking reading and writing italian windows & xp pc only COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 379 COL r_rtable.description VAL topics entertainment instant immersion german deluxe 2.0 you set the pace for learning with this series of personalized beginner intermediate and advanced programs. with entertaining instruction on 20 key lessons including vocabulary grammar and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1271 COL l_ltable.description VAL mediarecover gives you the ability to recover files you were positively convinced were gone forever - even if you've deleted them. losing memories of vacations and fun times is bad enough but losing important business files can threaten your livelihood. you owe it to yourself to be prepared. mediarecover's 3-step recovery process ensures you can access your photos music and files when you need to! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aladdin systems 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1176 COL r_rtable.description VAL summitsoft wedding fonts offers a collection of hand selected fonts ranging from fancy and decorative to traditional and refined. take your pick of fonts for all types of wedding stationary such as invitations rsvps thank you cards place settings ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 178 COL l_ltable.description VAL brand new sealed full retail boxed edition. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1022 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 13 COL l_ltable.description VAL - marketing information: make your project information work for you! the who what and when of your projects are too important to leave to chance. with details your project information is centralized organized and always up-to-date. in an instant you can communicate project statuses with colleagues and clients with presentation-quality reports and customized forms. product information - software sub type: project management/version control - software name: details v.3.0 - complete product - features and benefits: - easy setup - quickstart templates - accurate reporting - custom forms - the report generator - timeline graphs - submittal logs - project logs - contact fields - hyperlinks - web graphics - calculation fields - work calendar - this pop-up console enables you to oversee and manage the import process when importing data from other applications and files - choice lists - column summaries - language support: english - platform support: pc license information - license type: complete product - license pricing: standard - license quantity: 1 user COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aec software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2721 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 392 COL l_ltable.description VAL instant immersion version 2.0 moves you from a beginner to an intermediate speaker with a 5 cd-rom course of study. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 93 COL r_rtable.description VAL model- topcd-80692wi vendor- topics entertainment features- instant immersion spanish deluxe v2.0 your first-class journey to a new language is ready to commence with instant immersion spanish deluxe v2.0 the multimedia learning collection on cd-rom ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 633 COL l_ltable.description VAL avid technology (00100810501) avid liquid pro COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL avid technology 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2282 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. release date: 04/01/2006 COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL navarre distribution services 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 999 COL l_ltable.description VAL welcome to the funny farm!product information>moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertainingfarming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at thegeneral store. protect your sheep from wild wolves by keeping them COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL casual arcade 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3169 COL r_rtable.description VAL a horrific ritualistic murder has taken place in an upscale hotel. enter gus macpherson a former american private detective now hired by a mysterious and sensuous woman sophia blake to find out who murdered her beloved sister and brother-in-law ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 815 COL l_ltable.description VAL pitstop pro 7.0 COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL enfocus software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3169 COL r_rtable.description VAL a horrific ritualistic murder has taken place in an upscale hotel. enter gus macpherson a former american private detective now hired by a mysterious and sensuous woman sophia blake to find out who murdered her beloved sister and brother-in-law ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1314 COL l_ltable.description VAL first person shooter offers fast paced 2d and 3d action as you kill terrorists bent on destruction / esrb m mature (blood violence) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1189 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1081 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony media software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1034 COL r_rtable.description VAL halo 2 continues the story of the master chief the genetically enhanced super-soldier who is the only human ever to successfully defy the covenant--a coalition of alien races on a murderous march toward earth. their defeat at the ancient halo ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1059 COL l_ltable.description VAL create the perfect pet for your sims to train play with and love throughout a lifetime. pick everything from their paws to their personality. choose from dozens of popular dog and cat breeds like schnauzer and siamese. or create a unique cat or dog by modifying their features and body type. your sims can teach their pets tricks take them for a romp in the park to meet other furry friends or buy them toys beds and much more. but pets have minds of their own-so expect the unexpected! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1972 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: requires the full version of the sims 2 for mac os x to play operating system: mac os x 10.3.9 or later cpu processor: powerpc g4/g5 or intel chipset cpu speed: 1.2ghz or faster memory: 256 mb or higher (512 mb recommended) hard ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 566 COL l_ltable.description VAL x-zoom movies on psp is the first commercial video & dvd software for the sony psp. it enables you to quickly convert your dvds or movie files into a format your psp can read and understand. get the best possible picture and audio quality for 10 different input formats: dvd (s)vcd divx avi wmv real mpeg and quicktime. over 10 presets make conversion easy and the fit-to-stick technology resizes movie files to your memory stick size. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL x-oom 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2033 COL r_rtable.description VAL mediapilot effortlessly migrates the audio and video files from your ipod to pc records unlimited music from your audio player and clips your music to upload to your phone as ringtones or music player. kit includes software bluetooth adapter mul COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1314 COL l_ltable.description VAL first person shooter offers fast paced 2d and 3d action as you kill terrorists bent on destruction / esrb m mature (blood violence) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2836 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1305 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL total training 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2351 COL r_rtable.description VAL the adobe design premium bundle is a collection of tools geared for creative professionals that work in both print and web mediums. while similar to the web premium bundle this video series also includes training on indesign cs3. let total training ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 940 COL l_ltable.description VAL monopoly 3 brings the best-selling board game to the pc with fresh new features and gameplay that has captivated generations. featuring cleverly animated tokens bright 3d graphics and the choice of 10 different major city gameboards plus the classic gameboard. compete with up to six players or wheel and deal over the internet. (internet play requires optional fee.) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1453 COL r_rtable.description VAL xoom movies on psp enables you to quickly convert your dvds or movie files into a format your psp can read and understand. get the best possible picture and audio quality for 10 different input formats: dvd (s)vcd divx avi wmv real mpeg quicktime ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 182 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1034 COL r_rtable.description VAL halo 2 continues the story of the master chief the genetically enhanced super-soldier who is the only human ever to successfully defy the covenant--a coalition of alien races on a murderous march toward earth. their defeat at the ancient halo ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 731 COL l_ltable.description VAL the sims complete collection includes the sims and all seven expansion packs -- all in one convenient package. an entire world of sims awaits your quirky command. it's your neighborhood they're your sims and whether they prosper or perish is completely up to you! with the sims - unleashed you'll add a furry friend to your sims family. housebreak your pets train them to do tricks buy them toys and do your best to keep them from destroying the house! the sims - superstar lets you experience the lifestyles of the rich and famous and guide your sims to superstardom. become a movie star rocker or supermodel and spend your cash on extravagant new items for your home. in the sims - makin' magic you'll cast spells hypnotize friends and even turn a neighbor into a frog. but watch out spells can go haywire if you're not careful. the neighborhood will never be the same! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1758 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1307 COL l_ltable.description VAL if you enjoy 'sudoku' then you will go crazy for 'buku kakuro'! generate millions of logic games with the click of your mouse and decipher puzzles that vary in size and complexity. use the 'hint' function to display possible moves 'undo' to backtrack as needed and 'solve' to display answers one by one until the game is complete. a 'pen & pencil' option even lets you distinguish unsure versus certain moves! themes include tastes of the orient exotic shores and serene vista. create and solve any kakuro puzzle -- even those found online and in newspapers! you can even save and print any kakuro. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topware interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1622 COL r_rtable.description VAL enjoy countless hours of reading pleasure with this deluxe compilation of classic works from over 200 authors. features all the major classics of english literature including novels mysteries poetry sci-fi romance horror and more. annotate each ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1314 COL l_ltable.description VAL first person shooter offers fast paced 2d and 3d action as you kill terrorists bent on destruction / esrb m mature (blood violence) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 848 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1234 COL l_ltable.description VAL defcon: global thermonuclear domination gives you the chance to manage a scenario faced in the leading generals' worst nightmare: total nuclear war. the third world war is starting and you'll manage it from a single screen. you'll attempt to destroy your enemy through all-out nuclear war while stopping them from destroying you. each side has key cities and installations and up to six superpowers can compete at the same time on the same map. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3167 COL r_rtable.description VAL from chaos comes order. private prisons have become the new growth industry. you will construct and run an efficient rehabilitation facility with nothing but money on your mind. there's no escaping under your watchful eye as you oversee every detail ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1181 COL l_ltable.description VAL ideal for film video and multimedia professionals and graphic and web designers using 3d and motion as well as professionals in engineering and science adobe photoshop cs3 extended software delivers everything in photoshop cs3 and more. render and incorporate 3d images into your 2d composites. stop time with easy editing of motion graphics on video layers. and probe your images with measurement analysis and visualization tools. the professional standard now comes in two versions& 151;photoshop cs3 and photoshop cs3 extended with additional features and enhancements for specialized image professionals. the clone stamp and healing brush tools now feature an overlay preview of the source areas. the loupe tool in adobe bridge cs3 lets you easily zoom into the fine detail of any image. zoomify export allows you to efficiently display even the highest resolution imagery over low bandwidth web connections. edit 3d and motion-based images adobe photoshop cs3 extended includes key new capabilities that let you incorporate 3d and motion-based content into your image editing workflow. now you can render 3d content into your 2d composites edit existing textures on 3d models and embed your edited models into adobe pdf files for easy collaboration with colleagues. plus you can animate video frames paint and clone over multiple video frames and import and export video files in a wide range of formats. analyze images with precision photoshop cs3 extended helps professionals in manufacturing medicine architecture engineering and scientific research gain more insight from images. measurement and counting tools enable analysis of 2d and 3d images. matlab users can pull image data from photoshop extended into matlab and visualize results of matlab algorithms back in the software. and medical professionals can correct annotate and analyze dicom files. adobe bridge for photoshop cs3 extended features faster performance the filters panel to quickly narrow your view the new loupe tool for close-up inspection of any image and much more. photoshop cs3 extended enables you to open native 3d file formats manipulate the models in 3d space open and edit textures applied to the models and then easily composite the results with 2d images. new features for motion graphics professionals in photoshop cs3 extended include cloning and healing over time with the help of the new clone source palette and preview overlays the enhanced animation palette for time-based editing and native video layers in color depths from 8- to 32-bit. brushes layers and selections are just three of the core editing features now available for 32-bit hdr images exclusively in photoshop cs3 extended. work more productively with improved performance throughout the editing workflow photoshop cs3 extended helps you work more productively--even when editing the most specialized images. experience native performance on both intel and powerpc based macs and on microsoft windows vistaª systems. maximize your workspace with a streamlined interface process raw images with increased speed and quality and manage assets more efficiently in the revamped adobe bridge cs3. composite and edit with unrivaled power leverage the power of the industry standard for the utmost creative control in image editing and compositing. now you can apply filters nondestructively manage and correct color more easily convert color images to rich black-and-white with one click and retouch images with more powerful cloning and healing tools. plus you can enjoy advanced compositing with breakthrough tools for aligning and blending layers automatically and making image selections with one brush stroke. product highlights experience smooth handling of 3d and motion-based content. gain deeper insights from your images with new measurement and analysis tools. boost your productivity with a streamlined interface enhancements to raw-image processing and asset management workflows and more. achieve your vision with unrivaled power to edit composite and experiment. audience benefit film video and multimedia professionals and graphic and web designers using 3d and motion--with adobe photoshop cs3 extended software you can now leverage the power of the photoshop image-editing toolset and paint engine when editing 3d and motion-based content for film video the web and mobile devices. manufacturing and design engineers--with adobe photoshop cs3 extended software you can easily import rotate and create different rendering modes and edit existing textures on 3d models to enhance 3d content or create compelling composites of 2d and 3d content. medical professionals--adobe photoshop cs3 extended software helps you improve patient care with powerful tools for documenting and analyzing treatment and visualizing potential outcomes. architects and engineers--adobe photoshop cs3 extended software helps you communicate your vision clearly and make an impact with all of your drawings and designs. scientific researchers--adobe photoshop cs3 extended software delivers new tools for analyzing and extracting data from images and offers powerful presentation capabilities to help you communicate your discoveries. students and educators--with features designed for professionals in video and motion graphics production manufacturing medicine architecture engineering and scientific research adobe photoshop cs3 extended software is a key new tool for students pursuing careers in these fields and for their instructors. product overview get everything in adobe photoshop cs3 software and more with photoshop cs3 extended which enables you to edit 3d and motion-based content and perform image analysis. edit 3d and motion-based images 3d image editing 3d compositing and texture editing easily render and incorporate rich 3d content into your 2d composites--even edit textures on 3d models directly within photoshop extended and immediately see the results. photoshop extended supports common 3d interchange formats including 3ds obj u3d kmz and collada so you can import view and interact with most 3d models. integration with adobe acrobat 8 software create modify and collaborate on 3d content more easily through tight integration between photoshop cs3 extended and acrobat 3d software. convert myriad 3d cad formats to the robust u3d interchange format enhance models and create composites with photoshop extended and easily embed 3d models created in photoshop extended into pdf files to distribute for review. enhanced vanishing point with 3d support edit in perspective on multiple surfaces--even those connected at angles other than 90 degrees--with the enhanced vanishing point which also lets you measure in perspective; wrap graphics images and text around multiple planes; and output 2d planes as 3d models. video and animation design movie paint enhance video directly within photoshop extended. now you can paint add text and clone over multiple frames of an imported video sequence. smooth animation workflow easily create animations from a series of still images or video frames with a new animation palette that enables onion skinning. broad video format support including quicktime import quicktime movies and most avi and mpeg files and output video and animations to mov avi mpeg-4 flv 3g flc h.264 (ipod) and dv stream. video layers create and edit images for video with maximum quality and a broader range of color models. edit and enhance grayscale rgb cmyk and lab models at 8- 16- and 32-bit depths with color management. analyze images with precision measurement counting and edit-tracking tools 2d and 3d measurement tools extract quantitative information from images with new measurement tools. easily calibrate or set the scale of an image and then use any of the photoshop extended selection tools to define and calculate distance perimeter area and other measurements. record data points in a measurement log and export data including histogram data to a spreadsheet for further analysis. scale marker show scale in images destined for presentation or publication using the scale marker which lets you easily add a scale graphic to any image. use the ruler and count tools to quickly tally image features and measure size and distance. open annotate remove identifying patient metadata prepare for analysis convert to jpeg for presentation and more with new native dicom file support in photoshop cs3 extended. count tool easily and accurately count objects or features in scientific images with the count tool which eliminates the need to perform manual calculations or rely on visual assessments of changes from image to image. history palette and edit history log undo and redo any set of editing steps in an open image with the history palette and automatically track all editing steps within your files with the edit history log. export steps to a text file or save them as part of image metadata for easier documentation of your work file audits and more. support for manufacturing medical and scientific workflows image stacks quickly combine a series of related images and render them into a single view using a wide variety of rendering options such as median and maximum. photoshop extended automatically analyzes and combines the images while preserving the originals. image stacks are extensible so third parties can write their own render modes. dicom support use the comprehensive photoshop extended toolset to import correct annotate analyze and create animations from dicom images. even automatically remove patient information from dicom metadata and batch save jpeg files for presentation purposes. matlab support pass image data directly between photoshop extended and matlab with the ability to call photoshop extended directly from the matlab command line. visualize results of matlab algorithms in the software and combine matlab processing with photoshop extended image editing to render test and refine algorithms for image processing analysis and more. work more productively efficient and flexible work environment streamlined interface and palette management maximize screen space for editing while keeping essential tools accessible. palettes are now arranged in convenient self-adjusting docks that can be widened to full size or narrowed to icons or even a thin self-revealing strip at the edge of your monitor. faster more flexible asset management with adobe bridge cs3 organize and manage images more efficiently with next-generation adobe bridge cs3 software which now delivers improved performance a filter panel for easier searching the ability to group multiple images under a single thumbnail the loupe tool offline image browsing and more. custom menus shortcuts and workspaces set up and save custom menus keyboard shortcuts and workspaces for quick access to what you need. streamlined workflow better raw-image processing process raw images with increased speed and superior conversion quality using the photoshop camera raw plug-in which now adds support for jpeg and tiff formats; new tools including fill light and dust busting; compatibility with adobe photoshop lightroom software; and support for over 150 camera models. enhanced pdf support work more easily with adobe pdf-based content. precisely control the size of pdf pages opened in photoshop extended; add security controls and metadata such as copyright and exposure details to images within pdf presentations; and create a richer image display in pdf presentations and documents. adobe photoshop lightroom jump from adobe photoshop lightroom software to photoshop cs3 extended in one click for advanced editing of your digital images. lightroom (sold separately) offers an efficient powerful way to import manage and present large volumes of digital images. improved printing experience experience better control over print quality with color management a larger print preview window and more controls in one place so you can print in fewer steps. improved printing controls co-developed by adobe and hp make printing easier and more predictable and streamline setup options via integration with select printers from hp epson and canon. presets make sophisticated color adjustments automatically with one-click presets in curves the channel mixer and the new black and white conversion dialog box. peak performance experience native performance on intel and powerpc based macintosh computers and on microsoft windows xp and windows vistaª systems. automated production automate common production tasks in a variety of ways. set up event-based scripts record a series of steps as an action for efficient batch processing and design repetitive graphics faster with variables. wide range of supported formats import and export an even greater range of file formats including psd bmp dicom cineon jpeg jpeg2000 openexr png targa and tiff. adobe device central cs3 visually emulate how your dynamic content will render on mobile devices using the built-in adobe device central cs3. zoomify export for high-resolution web display take advantage of adobe flash and zoomify technology to export high-resolution images to the web for viewing through adobe flash player software. flash player displays your images quickly and efficiently letting viewers zoom in on details with minimal delay. improved integration with other adobe tools enjoy better support for photoshop files in your other adobe software applications (sold separately). copy and paste photoshop files directly into adobe dreamweaver cs3 software projects import them into adobe flash cs3 professional software with high fidelity and preserve layer effects and video layers when you import them into adobe after effects cs3 professional software. third-party solutions and resources take advantage of a wealth of additional resources--including software plug-ins books and training--from the longstanding community of expert photoshop developers authors and trainers. auto-align layers can automatically connect a series of photos into a panorama (left). auto-blend layers can then seamlessly blend lighting and texture to complete the perfect composite image (right). composite and edit with unrivaled power maximize screen space for editing while keeping essential tools accessible. faster performance highest quality conversion and new lighting controls are some of the new hallmarks of camera raw in photoshop cs3. simple intuitive point-and-click monochrome conversion is yours with the new black and white adjustment. the new print interface in photoshop cs3 gathers all of the options you need in one easier-to-use dialog box. nondestructive editing smart filters add adjust and remove filters from an image without having to resave the image or start over to preserve quality. nondestructive smart filters allow you to visualize changes without altering original pixel data. smart objects perform nondestructive scaling rotating and warping of raster and vector graphics with smart objects. even preserve the editability of vector data from adobe illustrator software. professional color and tone control color-correction enhancements take advantage of precision color correction made faster and easier. brightness/contrast now provides better results from the same intuitive interface and enhanced curves controls let you make automatic adjustments with included presets or those you create; convert to black-and-white with point sliders; and use a histogram color channel lines and a clipping preview. black-and-white conversion easily convert color images to rich black-and-white and adjust tonal values and tints with a new tool. experiment with the included black-and-white presets or create and save your own custom presets to achieve the best results. improved channel mixer take advantage of new functionality and a host of presets that make the channel mixer easier to use for black-and-white conversion. enhanced 32-bit high dynamic range (hdr) support create and edit 32-bit images and combine multiple exposures into a single 32-bit image that preserves the full range of a scene--from the deepest shadows to the brightest highlights. new image-processing and alignment algorithms deliver superior results. and with photoshop cs3 extended you can even edit 32-bit images using brushes filters blending modes transformations selections tools aspect ratios and more. intelligent image editing and enhancement more powerful cloning and healing tools experience greater control when retouching images with cloning tools and the healing brush. clone images over time; see source pixels under your tool or brush for more precise positioning; preview changes to source content live; and set multiple source points scale and rotate in the new clone source palette. rich painting and drawing toolset create or modify images with a wide assortment of professional fully customizable paint settings artistic brushes and drawing tools. + = the faster route to perfect composites& 151;auto-align layers takes the effort out of perfectly lining up the contents of multiple layers while auto-blend layers completes the task of blending together the texture and lighting from many layers into one. easy compositing and selecting advanced compositing create more accurate composites by automatically aligning multiple photoshop layers or images based on similar content. the auto-align layers command quickly analyzes details and moves rotates or warps layers to align them perfectly and the auto-blend layers command blends the color and shading to create a smooth editable result. improved photomerge technology take advantage of refined photomerge technology which uses new layer-alignment and layer-blending capabilities to let you automatically stitch horizontal or vertical photos into seamless panoramas. quick selection and refine edge tools make selections in a snap. loosely draw on an image area and the quick selection tool automatically completes the selection for you. then preview and fine-tune your selections with the refine edge tool. flexible layers composite images text and effects on hundreds of layers for extraordinarily sophisticated results. organize layers with up to five levels of nesting and save them in different combinations as layer comps. which edition of photoshop cs3 is right for you? photoshop cs3 is available in two editions--photoshop cs3 and photoshop cs3 extended--to meet the diverse needs of professionals in a wide range of fields. adobe photoshop cs3 adobe photoshop cs3 extended builds on photoshop cs2 with dozens of improvements increased productivity with a streamlined interface camera raw enhancements next-generation adobe bridge cs3 and zoomify export unrivaled editing power with live filters more precise color correction easier black-and-white conversion and more powerful cloning and healing tools breakthrough compositing with automatic layer alignment and blending capabilities easier selections and improved photomerge® technology 3d and motion support with the ability to edit 3d content and incorporate it into 2d compositions paint and clone over multiple video frames and more comprehensive image analysis with new image measurement and counting tools COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 220 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 512mb ram 64mb vram 2gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card dvd-rom drive internet or ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1026 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL navarre (software) 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 169 COL r_rtable.description VAL moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertaining farming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at the general store. every decision you make could determine whether you bring home the bacon or get put out ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 847 COL l_ltable.description VAL step up to the best deal in town and test your skill. shuffle the cards and deal yourself in to the greatest card games of all time. hoyle® drops you right into the action with over 75 classic games official rules tips and strategies. from classic games like cribbage to new favorites like online texas hold'em hoyle® card games has something for everyone. all games are based on the official rules from hoyle® the authority for over 200 years create your own character with face creator customizing everything from facial features to clothes interactive computer opponents with multiple skill levels to challenge everybody play together on the same computer and challenge your friends and family for bragging rights or play solo with 45 different solitaire games included. over 75 card games including: texas hold'em hearts bridge crazy eights gin rummy omaha hold'em pinochle rummy 500 and much more! bonus: 16 black jack games COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1286 COL r_rtable.description VAL enjoy classic favorites and popular new card games with hoyle card games 2007. features over 75 card games including official rules tips and strategies for such games as poker cribbage bridge hearts rummy texas holdem and much more! create ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1055 COL l_ltable.description VAL readiris pro 11 corporate edition makes it easy to scan paper documents at high speed and convert pdf and image files into fully indexed pdf files. the software was designed to scan and transform substantial volumes of paper and electronic documents with an unbeatable combination of speed and accuracy. it's the right tool for any corporate environment where good recognition at a high volume are crucial for information management. create documents that are optimized to your editing archiving and sharing needs. generate wysiwyg html docuemnts and edit them in frontpage golive dreamweaver and other tools color outputs - all colored texts backgrounds and graphics fully reproduced numerous scanners and digital cameras supported - including all twain compliant devices supports all tiff and jpeg formats generated by digital cameras easy handling for multi-page documents performing list recognition reproduces numbered and bulleted lists flowing text mode for easier editing - text naturally flows into columns while you're editing COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL iris inc. 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 349 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: ocr software automated processing pdf support many output formats barcode recognition business card recognition... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 712 COL l_ltable.description VAL printmaster gold 17 gives creative home users a chance to get creative & use their imaginations. everything from a bridal shower invitation to youth soccer league rosters can be made quickly and easily. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL nova development 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1303 COL r_rtable.description VAL enhance your creations printmaster gold 17 which includes over 195000 premium images in every theme and style. getting started is easy! just choose 1 of over 14000 professionally designed projects add your own personal message or photo and print - ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 178 COL l_ltable.description VAL brand new sealed full retail boxed edition. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1291 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1314 COL l_ltable.description VAL first person shooter offers fast paced 2d and 3d action as you kill terrorists bent on destruction / esrb m mature (blood violence) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1243 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1119 COL l_ltable.description VAL prey is a groundbreaking first-person shooter that turns the genre upside-down with new gameplay features and next generation graphics. breaking the traditional first-person shooter format prey introduces innovative gameplay elements including wall-walking portals spirit-walking and gravity flipping which allows for insane eight player deathmatches. prey tells the story of tommy a cherokee garage mechanic stuck on a reservation and going nowhere. his life changes when an otherworldly crisis forces him to awaken spiritual powers from his long-forgotten birthright. abducted along with his people to a menacing mothership orbiting earth he sets out to save himself and his girlfriend and ultimately his planet. multiplayer ­ multiplayer games take complete advantage of the unique gameplay styles of prey as players walk on the ceilings and walls while the map¹s gravity flips from side to side note - may require advanced video processing capabilities on your mac computer COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 827 COL r_rtable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 8 COL l_ltable.description VAL webexpress (win 95 98) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL ingram micro 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 338 COL r_rtable.description VAL covers what the basic beginner needs to know about playing the drums. step-by-step video lessons and a guide to reading music! the interactive guide will show you how to get started from selecting the right drum set to playing beats and rolls that ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 162 COL l_ltable.description VAL in topics presents the human body you'll uncover the deepest mysteries and complexities of the human form in this complete introduction to anatomy and physiology. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 26 COL r_rtable.description VAL the pressure is on for you to pop the pieces before they fill up the screen! incredible fast-paced mind-popping fun! multiple game variations keep this classic fun fresh and addicting to play! includes 12 ways to play 5 skill levels and much ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 717 COL l_ltable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! product information ares rising is a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. a branching storyline allows you to chart various courses to success and to replay the game in many different ways. you take responsibility for making alliances purchasing equipment and ultimately tipping the balance of power. ares rising brings together the best strategy combat resource allocation and story telling elements to enable a degree of player freedom rarely achieved. product features multiplayer action with head-to-head and team death match modes. persistent characters allow you to build power reputation and prestige through multiple game sessions. a combination of dog-fighting and strategic combat where proper consideration of advanced tactics and technologies count as much as hot dog piloting. choose from a wide range of devastating tactical weapons including cloaks auto-turrets beam weapons nuclear warheads sensor drones and ship decoys to name a few. all ai pilots work in wingmen groups. employing squadron tactics and complex maneuvers will give you a distinct advantage. system requirements windows 95 98 me only (not xp compatible) pentium 133mhz processor windows 95 with directx 5.0 (included) 16mb of ram 150mb hard drive space 2x cd-rom drive directx certified sound and video card microsoft or 100% compatible mouse recommended requirments pentium 200mhz or higher or k6 3d 32mb of ram 200mb hard drive space 12x cd-rom drive d3d supporting video card with graphics acceleration digital audio compatible sound card joystick please note: the product you are viewing is an older version that is currently in demand and a valuabl COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL interplay 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1189 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 575 COL l_ltable.description VAL with computrace lojack for laptops you'll be able to track a stolen laptop anywhere! every 53 seconds a laptop is stolen - this recovery service enables law enforcement to recover stolen laptops the minute thieves go online. you'll have information on your laptop's wherabouts as soon as it goes missing. protect your computer today with lojack for laptops. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL absolute software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 215 COL r_rtable.description VAL refuse to be a victim of crime: fact: your laptop has a 1 in 10 chance of being lost or stolen this year. fact: according to fbi estimates the second most common crime just after identity theft is laptop theft. each year 2 million notebook ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1326 COL l_ltable.description VAL if you're serious about making your own music acid music studio software is the perfect tool for original song creation live recording and studio-quality mixing and effects processing. share your songs any way you want ? burn your own cds upload to the web or export to your mp3 player. with built-in tutorials to guide you you'll be composing mixing and mastering like a pro in no time. create original music by combining the included music loops ? over 1 700 of them ? or record and edit your own live performances create custom soundtracks for your video projects created in vegas movie studio+dvd software or other applications show me how tutorials go beyond the booklets and basic tutorials that other solutions provide. these extraordinary helpers are built right into the software ? just click show me how to access simple interactive help on over 20 topics create your own cds in minutes. cd layout and burning is fully integrated into the software so you can conveniently create your music and produce professional-sounding cds all within one application want to get heard? acidplanet is the premier internet site for musicians and content developers. join acidplanet.com to upload and share compositions remix songs from major-label artists and collaborate with other members on a wide range of music and video projects new! vst audio effect support new! asio driver support new! edit source project chopper editing tool to edit and clone loops beatmapper tool for easy remixing track-level volume panning and effects editing master bus track for project-wide volume and pan fades COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 191 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: make your own music easy live recording professional tools easy to use and learn save to popular formats record and edit midi ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 393 COL l_ltable.description VAL obscure takes the survival-horror gaming you love and sets it in a teenage horror film. tortured screams echo through leafmore high's deserted corridors. faceless creatures lurk in the shadows. five teenagers set out to bring light into the darkness - and experience a night that will scar their souls forever. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 26 COL r_rtable.description VAL the pressure is on for you to pop the pieces before they fill up the screen! incredible fast-paced mind-popping fun! multiple game variations keep this classic fun fresh and addicting to play! includes 12 ways to play 5 skill levels and much ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 13 COL l_ltable.description VAL - marketing information: make your project information work for you! the who what and when of your projects are too important to leave to chance. with details your project information is centralized organized and always up-to-date. in an instant you can communicate project statuses with colleagues and clients with presentation-quality reports and customized forms. product information - software sub type: project management/version control - software name: details v.3.0 - complete product - features and benefits: - easy setup - quickstart templates - accurate reporting - custom forms - the report generator - timeline graphs - submittal logs - project logs - contact fields - hyperlinks - web graphics - calculation fields - work calendar - this pop-up console enables you to oversee and manage the import process when importing data from other applications and files - choice lists - column summaries - language support: english - platform support: pc license information - license type: complete product - license pricing: standard - license quantity: 1 user COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aec software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 274 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1197 COL l_ltable.description VAL design develop and maintain websites and web applications--from start to finish--with adobe dreamweaver cs3 software. built for designers and developers dreamweaver cs3 offers both a visual layout interface and a streamlined coding environment. intelligent integration with related adobe software ensures an efficient workflow across your favorite tools. dreamweaver cs3 offers both a visual layout interface and a streamlined coding environment. the spry framework for ajax lets you add user interface components such as the expandable areas seen in the event information (open) and event directions (closed) regions here. create rich web content a higher standard in web design and development is emerging powered by dreamweaver cs3. create rich dynamic interfaces that tightly weave static structures together with responsive interactivity. use the new spry framework for ajax to develop energetic web experiences that will leave your competition standing still. in other words think deep dream big and then execute flawlessly with the most exciting web design and development tool we've ever devised. maximize efficiency accelerate your workflow with dreamweaver cs3 a faster smoother version of the preferred web design and development tool. drop in flv files add images from adobe photoshop and test your content for mobile devices. create visually or code directly work on your choice of macintosh or windows and enjoy the benefits of intelligent integration with other adobe tools. apply best practices dreamweaver cs3 makes it easy to apply best practices and accepted standards to ensure your websites and applications play well with others. build css-based websites from the ground up with new css layouts the unified css panel and css visualization and management tools. ensure more reliable and consistent performance with the new browser compatibility check. instantly preview your content for pcs mobile devices and print and find fast solutions to browser-specific css issues with the new css advisor website. audience benefit web designers--discover an exceptional web design workflow with adobe dreamweaver cs3 software. design and maintain websites from start to finish with your choice of either a powerful visual design interface or an efficient coding environment. streamline design with helpful css features; preview your pages for pcs mobile devices and print; and easily test pages for browser compatibility. enjoy tight integration with adobe photoshop cs3 flash cs3 professional fireworks cs3 and other adobe tools. web developers--develop more reliable consistent web applications based on universally accepted development standards with adobe dreamweaver cs3. take advantage of support for leading web development technologies including php adobe coldfusion and ajax for both internal and external projects. ensure consistency with helpful css features and automated cross-browser compatibility testing. comments embedded in the code offer tips about how to work with css. top reasons to buy adobe dreamweaver cs3 industry-leading tool take advantage of all the flexibility and power of a world-class web design tool. manipulate pixel-perfect designs in design view craft complex code in code view or do a little of each. work the way you work best. integrated workflows design develop and maintain content within dreamweaver cs3 while taking advantage of intelligent integration with other adobe tools including adobe flash cs3 professional adobe fireworks cs3 adobe photoshop cs3 adobe contribute cs3 and new adobe device central cs3 for creating mobile device content. complete css support discover the advantage of visual css tools that make it easy to view edit and move styles within and between files as well as see how your changes will affect the design. accelerate your workflow with new css layouts and test your design with the new browser compatibility check. integrated coding environment organize and accelerate your coding with code collapse color coding line numbering and a coding toolbar with comment/uncomment and code snippets. apply code hints for html and server languages. support for leading technologies take advantage of support for leading web development technologies including html xhtml css xml javascript ajax php adobe coldfusion asp asp.net and jsp. effortless xml quickly integrate xml content using either xsl or the spry framework for ajax. point to an xml file or xml feed url and dreamweaver cs3 will display its contents enabling you to drag and drop appropriate fields onto your page. adobe flash video support easily add flash video to your web pages in just five clicks with no knowledge of flash required. customize the video environment to match your website. learning resources learn as you go with comprehensive in-product tutorials reference content and instructional templates that make it easy to expand your skill set and adopt the latest technologies. extended dreamweaver community enjoy all the benefits of the extensive dreamweaver community including the online adobe design center and adobe developer center training and seminars developer certification programs user forums and more than 1 000 downloadable extensions available in the dreamweaver exchange. cross-platform support pick your platform: dreamweaver cs3 is available for intel or powerpc based macintosh computers as well as for windows xp and windows vista systems. design in your preferred platform and then deliver across platforms with more reliable consistent and high-performance results. additional features browser compatibility check save time and ensure a more consistent experience across browsers and operating systems with the new browser compatibility check. generate reports that identify css-related issues in a variety of browsers without needing to launch the browsers. css management easily move css code from inline to head from head to external sheet from document to document or between external sheets. cleaning up existing css in older pages has never been easier. css layouts easily incorporate css into your project with the new css layouts. extensive comments in each template explain the layout so beginning and intermediate designers can learn quickly. each template can be customized for your project. spry data integrate data into web pages using xml from an rss feed or a database. integrated data can be easily sorted and filtered. spry widgets easily add common interface components such as lists tables tabs form validation and repeatable regions to web pages with widgets from the spry framework for ajax. spry effects easily add visual transitions to page elements to make them grow shrink fade highlight and more with the spry effects for ajax. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2833 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 512mb ram (1gb recommended) 1.4gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card dvd-rom drive ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1356 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL emedia 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1850 COL r_rtable.description VAL mobile find plus 411 directory search delivers fast easy wireless access to residential and business listings maps and driving directions for your pocket pc palm(tm) or wireless phone - when and where you need it. find phone numbers and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 118 COL l_ltable.description VAL calendar creator 10 is the perfect tool for the artistic types who want to keep track of their busy schedules! this collection of home calendar creation tools makes it possible to remember every important date and appointment. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL broderbund 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1151 COL r_rtable.description VAL discover the creative way to manage your time. select and customize a professionally designed calendar layout or design your calendar from scratch. calendar creator 10 puts you in command of your busy schedule without compromising personal style. ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1280 COL l_ltable.description VAL final cut studio 2 upgrade from final cut pro delivers an integrated post-production solution that lets you move effortlessly from editing to color grading to creating motion graphics to sculpting audio to multiformat encoding and dvd authoring. this powerful new version features final cut pro 6 motion 3 soundtrack pro 2 compressor 3 dvd studio pro 4 and color the newest member of the suite. editing unleashed final cut studio 2 helps take you beyond mere editing. discover the intuitive power of new creative tools designed expressly for final cut pro editors. rapidly move through editing to motion graphics audio editing and mixing color grading and delivery--all as a natural extension of the work you already do. final cut studio 2 puts a powerful new version of final cut pro at the center of an integrated post-production workflow. final cut studio 2 includes final cut pro 6 motion 3 soundtrack pro 2 compressor 3 dvd studio pro 4 and color--a brand-new application for professional color grading. craft the perfect story using a tightly integrated and innovative suite of products created specifically for video editors. with xml to share project data and quicktime to seamlessly move media between systems final cut studio 2 can fit into virtually any production pipeline or newsroom. it's a final cut world independent filmmakers. hollywood film editors. corporate video and event producers. editors with hourly deadlines cutting broadcast spots or network news. hundreds of thousands of creative professionals all over the world have made final cut pro their first choice for editing. it has rapidly become an industry standard. building on this success apple has designed each application in final cut studio 2 with final cut pro editors in mind. start working quickly with intuitive tools and familiar interfaces. whenever you're ready for precise control a comprehensive set of features is just a click away. the editor's choice final cut studio 2 is fast fluid and flexible. use a laptop on location and a desktop in the studio. start with the tools you already use today and extend your reach when you're ready. final cut studio 2 has everything you need in a single product. edit. use final cut pro 6 for native editing of virtually any format--from dv and sd up to hdv xdcam hd dvcpro hd and fully uncompressed hd. or use prores 422 a new post-production format from apple that offers uncompressed hd quality at sd file sizes. drag clips with different formats and even different frame rates into the new open format timeline. animate. create stunning 2d and 3d motion graphics in real time with motion 3 the fastest and most intuitive way to animate and express your creative vision. just drag and drop to make dramatic particle effects explode into 3d space; form vector-based paint strokes with the swish of a pen. new motion master templates let you edit text and drop in video without leaving final cut pro. mix. record and edit dialogue add music and effects and complete your mix with ease. soundtrack pro 2 lets you work faster than ever in its new streamlined interface. you can even produce in surround sound using innovative visual tools. if you make changes to your edit in final cut pro you can rapidly update your audio mix with the powerful conform feature in soundtrack pro. grade. give your production a signature look or create a consistent feel for shots from different sources. color is the newest member of the final cut studio family offering professional color grading that can elevate the quality of any production. deliver. use compressor 3 to create pristine-quality output for a wide range of delivery formats--including the web ipod iphone apple tv and broadcast servers. a streamlined new interface lets you batch-process encoding with point-and-click ease. if film is your destination use cinema tools 4 to output film lists that combine timecode and keycode in a single list. or use dvd studio pro 4 for professional dvd authoring and mastering. post-production without walls final cut studio 2 is not just a product. it's a platform. open standards encourage innovation giving developers and partners the freedom to create custom solutions. with xml to share project data and quicktime to seamlessly move media between systems final cut studio 2 can fit into virtually any production pipeline or newsroom. whether you're working in a group of 2 or 200 final cut studio lets you collaborate with ease. share media seamlessly across multiple workstations with xsan. use final cut server--with or without xsan--for media asset management and workflow automation that is deeply integrated with final cut studio 2. whether you're cutting commercials editing feature films or pushing out the nightly news final cut server helps you work faster whenever you're working together. final cut pro 6one timeline. infinite possibilities. mix and match source material--both formats and frame rates--in real time using the new open format timeline in final cut pro 6. create exactly the look you want for your projects with the complete set of professional color grading and finishing tools in color. easily create sophisticated 3d environments with depth and realism--with the real-time 3d multiplane compositing tools in motion 3. fly through audio editing and mixing create immersive soundtracks and easily conform audio to video edits using the new streamlined interface in soundtrack pro 2. deliver your best work quickly and easily to virtually any format encoding hands-free on your local mac or across a network of connected mac systems with compressor 3. produce sophisticated fully interactive studio-quality dvd titles with drag-and-drop ease using dvd studio pro 4. the first choice of professional editors worldwide final cut pro 6 delivers high performance digital nonlinear editing native support for virtually any video format and facility-class extensibility and interoperability. its workflow extends through the other final cut studio applications and final cut server for even more power. whether you're working solo or collaborating with a team final cut pro gives you more creative options and technical control than ever before including: broad format support incredible real-time effects comprehensive editing tools expanded power as the hub of final cut studio open extensible architecture colorcolor grading is in the house. color grading involves more than color correction. just as different soundtracks can make a particular scene feel humorous romantic or menacing the look created by a color grade can radically alter the tone and mood of a sequence. color apple's new professional color grading application makes it easy for editors to create signature looks for projects ranging from short video pieces to full-length theatrical films. color offers the following key features: real-time professional color grading dramatic color effects cinema-quality signature looks final cut studio workflows motion 3now playing in 3d. motion 3 takes the complexity out of 3d by extending the 2d tools you already use. with its intuitive interface and rich toolset the only limit is your imagination. send particles exploding through space. swing cameras around an object with breathtaking ease. squiggle a vector-based paint stroke in 3d through the cosmos. motion 3 lets you create 3d motion graphics with drag-and-drop ease startling performance and unprecedented color fidelity. this powerful upgrade to apple's award-winning motion graphics software features: an intuitive real-time design environment flexible animation tools 3d motion graphics done right breathtaking filters and effects numerous time-saving features soundtrack pro 2the next wave in audio post. soundtrack pro 2 offers unprecedented convenience and power to editors. fly through audio editing and mixing with a new streamlined interface that combines the multitrack timeline and waveform editor in a single view. easily create immersive soundtracks with innovative surround sound tools. automatically conform your audio edit to changes made in your video edit. with its familiar interface and intuitive tools soundtrack pro is the final cut pro of audio post-production. key features of soundtrack pro 2 include: streamlined multitrack interface professional editing and dialogue tools intuitive surround sound automatic audio conform process intelligent workflows compressor 3create once. debut everywhere. with increasing demand for media distribution in multiple formats--ranging from hd broadcast to an ipod screen--it's more important than ever to be able to output files efficiently while keeping quality high. the streamlined interface of compressor 3 lets you quickly configure batch processes for encoding to a wide range of industry standard formats. or create format and standards conversions at pristine quality through sophisticated optical flow technology. for the ultimate high-speed workflow set up distributed encoding over a shared-media network powered by xsan. key features of compressor 3 include: streamlined encoding workflow industry-standard encoding support pristine format conversions distributed encoding dvd studio pro 4simply powerful dvd authoring. dvd studio pro 4 makes it easy to extend your creative vision to every aspect of dvd authoring. whether your project is simple or sophisticated you'll enjoy using familiar easy-to-use tools to produce the perfect presentation of your sd or hd content. a comprehensive set of advanced features is available whenever you want more control. key features of dvd studio pro 4 include: intuitive design environment professional authoring tools versatile dvd mastering post-production workgroups collaborate with a small team of editors in a boutique post-production facility. or build a custom workfl ow for a global news network. whether you're sharing a small number of media assets over a lan or supporting hundreds of editors on a san final cut studio makes it easy for everyone to work together. shared media assets small workgroups can share media over a lan or wan by copying assets from a shared volume to a local workstation. for a scalable high-performance shared storage solution final cut studio editors can collaborate over a fibre channel storage area network (san) powered by xsan. with xsan every editor on a project has concurrent access to source media files and never needs to transfer assets between workstations. each mac system accesses shared files on the san as if the storage were directly attached. xsan can support hundreds of concurrent clients and can easily be expanded to provide more storage capacity and bandwidth as your needs grow. asset management and workflow automation meet final cut server apple's powerful new media asset management and workflow automation software. final cut server takes the headache out of managing large collections of media files then extends to tracking job status managing reviews and approvals and automating complex sequences of tasks--all with apple's legendary ease of use and all in a single product designed to work seamlessly with final cut studio. final cut server combines server software designed to run on mac os x with a cross-platform client that runs on either macintosh or windows-based computers. collaborate over a lan or wan with a small number of users or leverage the power of xsan to share media across a large number of workstations. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3085 COL r_rtable.description VAL final cut studio 2. system requirements. minimum requirements to install all final cut studio applications a macintosh computer with a 1.25ghz or faster powerpc g4 powerpc g5 intel core duo or intel xeon processor 1gb of ram an agp or pci express ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 90 COL l_ltable.description VAL a rich and intriguing adventure in a&nbsp; world where murders are committed according to ancestral mystic beliefs...where nothing will be the same again. product informationa frightening ritualistic murder has taken place in an upscale hotel COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2721 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 855 COL l_ltable.description VAL click-popping frenzy!product informationthe pressure is on for you to pop the pieces before they fill up thescreen! how fast can you click and find those combos? incredible fast-pacedmind-popping fun! multiple game variations keep this classic fun fresh a COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL selectsoft publishing 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3135 COL r_rtable.description VAL answer their reading thinking math and science questions and the elves will reward you with clues and coins to help you master the mountain! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 123 COL l_ltable.description VAL cuteftp is an easy way to transfer files between your pc and remote computers. whether publishing a web page downloading the latest digital images music and software or transferring large files between your home and office cuteftp will get the job done. cuteftp's user-friendly interface conforms to microsoft windows xp and runs on microsoft's latest operating system. cuteftp streamlines your ftp transfers with faster startups quicker connections to ftp servers and improved site navigation logic. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL tri synergy 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1022 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 183 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1613 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: mac os x v10.3.9 or later 1ghz g4/g4/intel mac 256 mb ram 1 gb hd space 32 mb vram internet connection (for net play) COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 90 COL l_ltable.description VAL a rich and intriguing adventure in a&nbsp; world where murders are committed according to ancestral mystic beliefs...where nothing will be the same again. product informationa frightening ritualistic murder has taken place in an upscale hotel COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2943 COL r_rtable.description VAL boostxp by allume - maximum pc performance! now anyone can keep their computer in peak condition! boost performance protect your pc clean-up clutter customize your pc. key benefits boost performance the most thorough way to tune-up your pc. improve ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 496 COL l_ltable.description VAL with digital vault you have the safety and secuirty you need for more confident web surfing. don't worry about snoopers or identity thieves taking your personal information -- this software will have it under lock and key. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL stompsoft inc. 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 619 COL r_rtable.description VAL minimum: macintosh computer with 800mhz g4/g5 or faster processor mac os x v10.2.8 or higher 256mb ram 32mb agp video card (geforce 2mx/ati 7500 or better) 1.4gb hard disk space internet or lan connection required for online play. recommended: 1ghz ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 999 COL l_ltable.description VAL welcome to the funny farm!product information>moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertainingfarming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at thegeneral store. protect your sheep from wild wolves by keeping them COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL casual arcade 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 338 COL r_rtable.description VAL covers what the basic beginner needs to know about playing the drums. step-by-step video lessons and a guide to reading music! the interactive guide will show you how to get started from selecting the right drum set to playing beats and rolls that ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 866 COL l_ltable.description VAL quicken premier 2007 contains everything in quicken basic and deluxe -- plus tools to monitor your net worth optimize your investments and save on taxes. get the help you need to invest plan and prosper in minutes. track your accounts and investments (stocks bonds mutual funds iras and more) all in one place. download credit card banking and brokerage transactions - quicken works with over 3 500 financial institutions. compare your investment performance to the market indexes and get alerts on tax-saving opportunities to improve after-tax returns. plus you'll explore more tax-efficient investments; and make tax time easier with schedule a b and d tax reports. maximize earnings and minimize tax impact to prepare for college tuition a new home retirement and more COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL intuit 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1527 COL r_rtable.description VAL quicken 2004 deluxe lets you manage your finances in minutes! quicken 2004 deluxe contains all of the tools in quicken basic to help you track your checkbook and spending and adds tools to help you manage your investments plan for the future ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 55 COL l_ltable.description VAL uncover geo-facts and discover the people places and pastimes of all 50 u.s. states. track down clues from coast to coast to solve a social studies mystery. relive the rich history of the east coast. whoop it up in the midwest. explore the vast mountain ranges of the west coast. experience all this and much more with the award-winning social studies software program i love the usa. designed for ages 6 to 9 kids learn about the states as well as their capitals culture and history. raise the flag quizzes let kids test their knowledge as they go. the perfect children's title for travel in the u.s. kids identify states by shape visit landmarks view travel videos and track the weather throughout the u.s. animated map screens puzzles games and more than 500 pop-up geo-facts keep kids thinking. they can even win 30 stickers and earn special medals and certificates. plus kids can make their own state maps using the map feature which also lets them print their map as a post card or e-mail it to a friend. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL global software publishing 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 382 COL r_rtable.description VAL you've watched the excitement of er now experience it firsthand! as the new er intern at chicago's county general hospital your career starts out easily enough as you treat a manageable number of patients sporting minor cuts and bruises. however ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 594 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2938 COL r_rtable.description VAL covers 13 subjects and includes 8 cd-roms ages 10 & up grades 4-12 includes addition subtraction multiplication division and forty-nine pre-algebra topics including fractions and decimals ratios and proportions radicals the metric system and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 840 COL l_ltable.description VAL snap! kakuro (win 98 me xp) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2075 COL r_rtable.description VAL featuring ez play today notation. turbo music (software). general midi software. book & disk package. 9x12 inches. 48 pages. published by turbo music. you're the star! packs include fully-orchestrated accompaniments on disk for each song in the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 717 COL l_ltable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! product information ares rising is a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. a branching storyline allows you to chart various courses to success and to replay the game in many different ways. you take responsibility for making alliances purchasing equipment and ultimately tipping the balance of power. ares rising brings together the best strategy combat resource allocation and story telling elements to enable a degree of player freedom rarely achieved. product features multiplayer action with head-to-head and team death match modes. persistent characters allow you to build power reputation and prestige through multiple game sessions. a combination of dog-fighting and strategic combat where proper consideration of advanced tactics and technologies count as much as hot dog piloting. choose from a wide range of devastating tactical weapons including cloaks auto-turrets beam weapons nuclear warheads sensor drones and ship decoys to name a few. all ai pilots work in wingmen groups. employing squadron tactics and complex maneuvers will give you a distinct advantage. system requirements windows 95 98 me only (not xp compatible) pentium 133mhz processor windows 95 with directx 5.0 (included) 16mb of ram 150mb hard drive space 2x cd-rom drive directx certified sound and video card microsoft or 100% compatible mouse recommended requirments pentium 200mhz or higher or k6 3d 32mb of ram 200mb hard drive space 12x cd-rom drive d3d supporting video card with graphics acceleration digital audio compatible sound card joystick please note: the product you are viewing is an older version that is currently in demand and a valuabl COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL interplay 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1027 COL r_rtable.description VAL act! 2007 is a contact and customer manager that helps you make contact build relationships and get results. act! enables you to instantly access key contact and customer information manage and prioritize activities and track all contact-related ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 967 COL l_ltable.description VAL pcdefense protects you from: spyware - spyware scan removes the spyware that's compromising your privacy right now spyalarm blocks new spyware threats before they transmit your personal information to online criminals keyloggers: keylogger prevention stops malicious keyloggers from invading your privacy and stealing your identity rootkits: rootkit scan identifies hidden files and processes that are undetectable by conventional security suites viruses: virus scan delivers on-demand web-based scanning tools that are constantly updated protecting you against the latest virus threats system failure: recover from a catastrophic attack rootkit infestation or system failure using disaster recovery. disaster recovery restores your entire system - files settings and programs COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL avanquest software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1243 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1224 COL l_ltable.description VAL take command of your audio in film video or adobe flash projects with task-based tools to clean up recordings polish voice-overs customize music and sound effects and much more. adobe soundbooth cs3 software has an intuitive interface that helps you get the job done quickly without sacrificing creative control. edit and create audio with fast intuitive tools adobe soundbooth cs3 software delivers a focused toolset that enables creative professionals in all disciplines to quickly create and edit their own high-quality audio. audience benefit video professionals as a video professional you need to accomplish everyday audio tasks efficiently--even if audio production isn't your specialty. fast and intuitive to work with adobe soundbooth cs3 software gives you focused tools to bring the same superior quality to your sound as you bring to your visuals. remove noise and individual sounds from recordings polish voice-overs use markers to synchronize sound and music with animation compose and record audio and much more. flash professionals integrated with adobe flash cs3 professional adobe soundbooth cs3 software helps you synchronize audio to your flash project with just a few clicks. an intuitive interface and on-clip controls simplify everyday sound tasks like cleaning editing and creating audio. clean up recordings polish voice-overs record audio create audio loops create and export markers to xml and flv to synchronize sound with animation and much more. audio professionals even professional sound engineers need to accomplish everyday editing tasks quickly. adobe soundbooth cs3 software offers an intuitive task-based interface that can help accomplish similar results to those produced by more complicated applications but much more quickly and easily. in addition features like visual healing tools time and pitch stretching with the izotope radius engine and the adobe media encoder make soundbooth a worthwhile addition to any audio toolkit. web designers bringing sound to web projects is more important than ever for designers looking to add new dimension to the user experience. adobe soundbooth cs3 software offers a set of intuitive task-based tools that make everyday audio editing and creation fast and effective--even when audio is not your specialty. easily create customized music using included soundbooth scores with the autocomposer record new assets modify sound effects with high-quality filters and much more. top reasons to buy adobe soundbooth cs3 intuitive audio editing with on-clip controls use powerful sample-accurate tools to cut copy paste fade and stretch audio assets. intuitive on-clip tools make common edits instant and visual feedback keeps you informed at every step. fast audio cleanup automatically detect and fix common flaws in audio recordings such as hisses hums rumbling crackling and pops. autocomposer with customizable music content select one of the dozens of included soundbooth scores and then customize it to match your project. adjust intensity to match the project's visual mood and change the length to fit. visual tools for healing sound use tools like those in adobe photoshop software to visually identify select and remove individual sounds from a revealing spectral display of your waveform. more than 15 high-quality audio filters enjoy a library of audio filters to help you achieve your own sound including reverb echo eq time and pitch stretch distortion chorus and more. combine up to five effects using the effects rack. fast mastering and vocal improvement use streamlined mastering tools to polish your file clarify vocals and give it punch. new audio asset recording record high-quality mono or stereo audio files such as voice-overs with markers and take numbering. top features and benefits of adobe soundbooth cs3 edit and create with essential tools fast cut copy and paste editing cut copy and paste audio clips quickly without waiting. extensive filter library apply more than 15 filters to modify audio characteristics such as eq reverb echo flange chorus distortion time and pitch and more. high-quality radius engine from izotope stretch time and shift pitch using the powerful radius engine from industry leader izotope. new audio asset recording record high-quality mono or stereo audio files such as voice-overs with markers and take numbering. undo history panel unlimited undo layers in the undo history panel give you the flexibility to experiment without committing your changes. sound your best fast audio cleanup detect and fix common flaws in audio recordings such as hisses hums buzzing crackling and pops. tasks panel use a convenient panel organized by task to execute common commands including create music remove noise and adjust time and pitch. autocomposer with customizable soundbooth scores easily create customized music for your project using dozens of included scores with the autocomposer feature; stretch music automatically to match the length of your video clips and adjust for intensity to match the mood. visual sound removal use tools like those found in photoshop to visually select and remove--or auto heal--unwanted sounds from your clip. thousands of sound effects available via resource central create or customize existing audio for your scene or flash interface using thousands of sound effects available via resource central. (internet connection required.) work quickly and efficiently on-clip editing controls quickly adjust volume add fades or trim a track using on-clip handles. tasks panel use a convenient panel organized by task to execute common commands including create music remove noise and adjust time and pitch. flash cue support insert and edit cue points while playing recording or editing audio that can then be used to drive animation in flash. dockable windows for customizable workspaces find your rhythm in a workspace you can adjust by docking windows and panels where you choose. save workspaces for specific users or tasks. tight integration with adobe premiere pro smooth roundtrip editing allows you to send assets from adobe premiere pro software using the edit in soundbooth command. after your edits are complete the files automatically update back in the adobe premiere pro timeline or project window. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1069 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements multicore intel processor mac os x v.10.4.9 512mb of ram (1gb for dv playback; 2gb for hdv and hd playback) 10gb of available hard-disk space 1280x900 monitor resolution with 32-bit video card and 16mb of vram core audio ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1000 COL l_ltable.description VAL enemy tanks have broken the lines and captured a city of strategic importance. your mission as an anti-tank cannon commander is to repel the occupiers and reclaim the city! the freedom of the city and all of its inhabitants depends on you! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL casual arcade 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1104 COL r_rtable.description VAL macbackup makes computer backup quick and easy! backup wizards are categorized to instantly backup everything on your computer or only your photos music and movies. easily store backups to virtually any kind of media: cd dvd zip disks network ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 498 COL l_ltable.description VAL kids can discover a fun new way to learn about the amazing world of science. learn about machines great inventors and their inventions the solar system music and more - the kid-friendly environment makes it easy. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL selectsoft publishing 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 96 COL r_rtable.description VAL kids can discover a fun new way to learn about the amazing world of science. learn about machines great inventors and their inventions the solar system music and more - the kid-friendly environment makes it easy. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 681 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL global software publishing 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 808 COL r_rtable.description VAL the fascinating world of wild cats comes alive with this interactive cd-rom. dynamic video and dazzling illustrations take you on a virtual trek around the globe as you explore the lives behavior and natural habitats of our planet?s most ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1247 COL l_ltable.description VAL bring your vision to life with blockbuster visual effects and compelling motion graphics in adobe after effects cs3 professional software. work with sophisticated tools and enjoy tight integration with adobe's leading design applications while you deliver stunning work to virtually any media type. design from scratch or jump-start projects from hundreds of fully customizable presets and templates--all from within a streamlined interface. an elaborate animation made up of multiple variations on a six-pointed star is easy to create; the repeater feature makes it possible to offset variations on a theme. all properties of the shape can also be keyframed. layer styles can transform the look of text with just a few clicks. here outer glow and a drop shadow add visual interest and dimension. styles can be toggled on and off even animated. just a few examples of what is possible with per-character 3d text. create motion graphics and visual effects with the industry standard take your inspiration to new heights: create beautiful sophisticated animations and effects more effectively than ever with adobe after effects cs3 professional. whether you design from scratch or jump-start projects from any of the hundreds of customizable templates and presets the latest version of after effects lets you exceed expectations with less effort. use innovative new features like shape layers the puppet tool brainstorm and clip notes to design animate and review with greater creative freedom. after effects is available as a standalone product or as a component of adobe creative suite 3 production premium and master collection software. eliminate rerendering and move easily between after effects adobe premiere pro cs3 and encore cs3 software using adobe dynamic link part of production premium. adobe creative suite 3 production premium is a complete digital video production solution in which adobe after effects cs3 provides the ability to generate animations and composites of all kinds from stylized motion graphics to realistic visual effects. adobe creative suite 3 master collection combines the powerful components of production premium with those of creative suite 3 design premium and web premium. whether you are a motion graphics designer visual effects artist video editor or a designer of rich media for the web adobe after effects cs3 professional lets you: innovate visually--unleash your creative vision with responsive controls and amazing effects. animate freely and with even more flexibility using new shape layers and the new puppet tool. use the new brainstorm interface to naturally evolve animation variations based on parameters you choose. maximize your time--deliver your best work on schedule. the intuitive interface in adobe after effects cs3 professional lets you accomplish even the most complex tasks faster while keeping you focused on your vision. enhanced multi-core and multi-processor support enables faster renders; powerful integration allows you to move quickly and efficiently between after effects and adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe premiere pro cs3 adobe flash cs3 professional adobe illustrator cs3 and adobe encore cs3. design for tomorrow today--adobe after effects cs3 professional delivers on tomorrow's challenges today with flexible tools that anticipate the future of design and animation. work with tools that enable you to deliver professional results on virtually any type of media. create quicktime and flash video for the web and work with a wide range of formats from hdv to openexr h.264 and camera raw. ensure output quality for an array of supported mobile devices. after effects is available for intel and power pc mac or for microsoft windows xp and windows vistaª. add life to any shape or layer with the easy fun and addictive puppet tool. audience benefit motion graphics and visual effects professionals--as a professional in your field you need to meet tight deadlines for clients who demand the highest quality productions. adobe after effects cs3 professional helps you reach peak performance and realize your vision with the industry's leading compositing and animation tools for creating stunning motion graphics and visual effects. with improved performance and tight integration with other adobe applications you'll get there faster moving quickly and efficiently between after effects and adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe premiere pro cs3 flash cs3 professional illustrator cs3 and encore cs3 while getting the best performance from your hardware. video editors and producers--when budgets are tight and clients are on a deadline adobe after effects cs3 professional offers an intuitive easy-to-learn interface along with powerful tools to enhance your production values. tight integration with adobe's other professional video applications means you can get great results quickly and when you need to jump-start projects without sacrificing quality you can use the new brainstorm feature or customize any of hundreds of timesaving professionally designed presets and templates. flash animators and graphic designers--work with state-of-art animation tools inside a familiar adobe interface and enjoy unprecedented integration with adobe flash as well as other adobe applications you already use including photoshop and illustrator. graphic designers can import photoshop and illustrator files with layers transparency and blend modes intact to bring still imagery to life. flash animators can import and output swf or flv files with alpha channels and cue points. brainstorm allows you to interactively create a wide range of animation possibilities very quickly and preview them instantly. new in adobe after effects cs3 professional shape layers easily create and animate vector graphics with new shape layers. add and animate strokes fills gradients and vector effects. you can convert text into shapes and animate them just like any other shape type. puppet tool this new fast and intuitive animation tool lets you squash and stretch images or text to bring it to life as an animated character. use motion sketch to record the position and speed of your puppet movements the starch tool to stiffen areas of the character and the overlap tool to control the depth of elements of your puppet. adobe photoshop cs3 extended integration enjoy a streamlined workflow with support for importing layered photoshop images that include video layers. sophisticated photoshop layer styles can be easily modified or animated within after effects. import vanishing point data from photoshop into after effects to build 3d compositions automatically. tight integration with adobe flash cs3 professional work more efficiently to create and edit flash animations. preserve vectors from animations created in after effects for lean and clean delivery and create flash video more easily. import swf files as vectors with alpha channels preserved and batch render flash videos with embedded cue points. per-character 3d text animation explore new text animation possibilities by making individual characters in your text--or an entire phrase--move and rotate in 3d space. brainstorm jump-start animations with brainstorm a new user interface that offers variations on selected design and animation parameters. choose which properties and effects you want to explore and brainstorm will propose animated variations. complete color management workflow enable color management simply by selecting a project working space. doing so helps ensure the color accuracy of imported files as they are displayed and rendered and allows you to preview how footage will look on other devices. adobe clip notes streamline the review and approval process. render your work into an adobe pdf file that enables anyone with adobe reader software to make timecode-accurate comments. when you import the comments into after effects they appear as markers on the timeline. enhanced performance harness your computer's processing power with new multicore and graphics acceleration plus disk caching so you can spend less time waiting and more time creating. distribute rendering across your entire network to maximize output performance. 3d compositions from vanishing point export vanishing point data from photoshop extended and then import into after effects to automatically build a 3d composition from the 2d photoshop image. a single shape layer containing a compound shape makes it possible to control what appear to be multiple shapes with a single set of controls. color management can benefit any artist who needs consistent color whether the target medium is feature film broadcast television a handheld device or all of these and more. clip notes ensures that everyone really is on the same page. preview mobile content with device central. additional features innovative compositing and animation tools create high-impact communications by combining moving imagery still images and graphics text and sound in 2d or 3d space and then animating virtually any aspect of each element. text and vector graphics creation and animation create text and vector graphics in after effects using familiar adobe tools and then animate these elements to create visually innovative new motion graphics. extensive visual effects manipulate moving and still images using hundreds of effects such as stylize distort shatter and time remapping. create grids radio waves 3d particles film grain fractal noise and more. timesaving toolsstart projects quickly with animation presets and behaviors when creating common animation elements such as animating text in and out creating synthetic backgrounds and more. use new brainstorm to quickly experiment and refine designs using parameters you define. learn fast with tool tips and training resources in the box and on the web and streamline your review process with clip notes to create and import comments. comprehensive masking and keying tools control which portions of a layer are visible by importing manipulating and animating masks; flexible auto-tracing options and rotobezier masks make it easy to get precise results. key bluescreen and greenscreen mattes with the academy award-winning keylight and a host of supporting tools. powerful motion controls animate graphics and text using the puppet tool. apply motion blur to produce more realistic animations or use timewarp to slow down and speed up footage. precisely match the motion of source footage using motion tracker and get the look of a locked-off shot using motion stabilizer. enhanced performance harness your computer's processing power with new multicore and graphics acceleration plus disk caching so you can spend less time waiting and more time creating. distribute rendering across your entire network to maximize output performance. professional results for every media type compatibility with an extensive list of output formats lets you produce animated content for virtually any media from the web and mobile devices to film and broadcast. plus after effects cs3 professional introduces color management tools to help make the color-correction process more predictable and preserve color fidelity. high-fidelity color use standard color management tools with enhancements for film and video workflows. 32-bit 2d and 3d compositing and animation create high-impact communications by combining moving imagery graphics text and sound in 2d or 3d space and then animating virtually any aspect of each element. freely work with high dynamic range imagery in a color-managed workflow. per-character 3d text animation explore new text animation possibilities by making individual characters in your text--or an entire phrase--move and rotate in 3d space. complete color management workflow enable color management simply by selecting a project working space. doing so helps ensure the color accuracy of imported files as they are displayed and rendered and allows you to preview how footage will look on other devices. project templates use included project templates for dvd motion menus and motion graphics backgrounds. nondestructive vector painting paint nondestructively on layers to clean up footage draw masks clone elements and create animations. 32-bit audio tools import 32-bit audio files mixed and mastered in adobe soundbooth or adobe audition software. fine-tune audio levels precisely using vu meters with peak and clip indicators on the audio panel. color accuracy take advantage of an end-to-end color management workflow to ensure color accuracy throughout your production pipeline. powerful masking and keying tools for creating video transparency control which portions of a layer are visible by importing manipulating and animating masks. key bluescreen and greenscreen mattes with academy award-winning keylight and a host of supporting tools to rival those available in any other application. flexible auto-tracing options and rotobezier masks make it easy to get precise results. video for mobile use new rendering options and preview in adobe device central cs3 to help ensure your video will look great on an array of supported mobile devices. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2681 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements powerpc® g4 or g5 or multicore intel processor mac os x v.10.4.9 1gb of ram for dv; 2gb of ram for hdv and hd 500mb of available hard-disk space plus 2gb of space for optional content (additional free space required during ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 209 COL l_ltable.description VAL word 2004 has innovative new features that give your personal or business documents the right look every time. enjoy the latest tools and advancements of the most popular word processor around. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 245 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: g3 mac os x compatible. mac os x version 10.2 or later. 128 mb of ram. 196 mb of available hard disk space for a default installation; the hard-disk space requirement varies according to the components you choose to install and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 13 COL l_ltable.description VAL - marketing information: make your project information work for you! the who what and when of your projects are too important to leave to chance. with details your project information is centralized organized and always up-to-date. in an instant you can communicate project statuses with colleagues and clients with presentation-quality reports and customized forms. product information - software sub type: project management/version control - software name: details v.3.0 - complete product - features and benefits: - easy setup - quickstart templates - accurate reporting - custom forms - the report generator - timeline graphs - submittal logs - project logs - contact fields - hyperlinks - web graphics - calculation fields - work calendar - this pop-up console enables you to oversee and manage the import process when importing data from other applications and files - choice lists - column summaries - language support: english - platform support: pc license information - license type: complete product - license pricing: standard - license quantity: 1 user COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aec software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 619 COL r_rtable.description VAL minimum: macintosh computer with 800mhz g4/g5 or faster processor mac os x v10.2.8 or higher 256mb ram 32mb agp video card (geforce 2mx/ati 7500 or better) 1.4gb hard disk space internet or lan connection required for online play. recommended: 1ghz ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 717 COL l_ltable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! product information ares rising is a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. a branching storyline allows you to chart various courses to success and to replay the game in many different ways. you take responsibility for making alliances purchasing equipment and ultimately tipping the balance of power. ares rising brings together the best strategy combat resource allocation and story telling elements to enable a degree of player freedom rarely achieved. product features multiplayer action with head-to-head and team death match modes. persistent characters allow you to build power reputation and prestige through multiple game sessions. a combination of dog-fighting and strategic combat where proper consideration of advanced tactics and technologies count as much as hot dog piloting. choose from a wide range of devastating tactical weapons including cloaks auto-turrets beam weapons nuclear warheads sensor drones and ship decoys to name a few. all ai pilots work in wingmen groups. employing squadron tactics and complex maneuvers will give you a distinct advantage. system requirements windows 95 98 me only (not xp compatible) pentium 133mhz processor windows 95 with directx 5.0 (included) 16mb of ram 150mb hard drive space 2x cd-rom drive directx certified sound and video card microsoft or 100% compatible mouse recommended requirments pentium 200mhz or higher or k6 3d 32mb of ram 200mb hard drive space 12x cd-rom drive d3d supporting video card with graphics acceleration digital audio compatible sound card joystick please note: the product you are viewing is an older version that is currently in demand and a valuabl COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL interplay 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 332 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 37 COL l_ltable.description VAL explore colors shapes songs animals letters numbers and more with your baby or toddler. discover the happy and colorful world of reader rabbit--an enchanted land of fun and learning--with your child. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL the learning company 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 330 COL r_rtable.description VAL discovery the happy and colorful world of reader rabbit with your child! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1139 COL l_ltable.description VAL based on the famous milton bradley board game a classic for over a century is here for play on your pc. the game was originally created in 1861 by milton bradley as the checkered game of life. the goal is to proceed through life earning money raising a family and ageing gracefully. but beware the pitfalls and many obstacles that you encounter. such is life! the classic board game has been reformatted for for an enhanced experience on your pc - desktop or notebook. everyone will enjoy the game of life. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2917 COL r_rtable.description VAL ilife 06 the must-have update to apples award-winning suite of digital lifestyle applications delivers major upgrades to iphoto imovie hd idvd and garageband plus more. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 999 COL l_ltable.description VAL welcome to the funny farm!product information>moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertainingfarming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at thegeneral store. protect your sheep from wild wolves by keeping them COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL casual arcade 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1243 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 652 COL l_ltable.description VAL vegas 6 combines real-time sd dv and hdv video editing with powerful audio tools for producing the high-quality results a professional would expect. this all-in-one environment mixes high-definition and high-fidelity for creative thinkers and editing professionals. the software delivers tremendous power incredible speed and maximum productivity in an uncomplicated efficient platform. over 30 customizable real-time audio effects including eq reverb delay and more new vst plug-in effects support -- expand your audio processing and mixing options new project nesting adds a vegas project to the timeline -- edit and apply effects COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony pictures digital entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 848 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1358 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL onone software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1709 COL r_rtable.description VAL nan COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 710 COL l_ltable.description VAL this amazing collection of quality professionally drawn and photographed images will add interest to any printable or web-based project. great for personal or home office use print perfect clip art deluxe is easy to install and is compatible with all print perfect products as well as your favorite desktop publishing applications. a powerful media browser makes searching for just the right image easy whether you're looking for a photo web graphic animation vector or raster clip art image. a built-in photo editor adds to your creativity and perfection. make print perfect clip art deluxe your one-stop resource for all of your clip art needs. 75 000 web graphics borders symbols and more powerful photo editing tools media gallery for easy searches system requirements - windows 98se me 2000 xp 128 mb ram cd-rom drive and mouse internet access required for registration and updates COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL cosmi 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1669 COL r_rtable.description VAL super fast shipping - platinum reseller ratings - over 12 years in business COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1331 COL l_ltable.description VAL art text is an application to create high quality textual graphics headings logos icons web banners and buttons. the program implements the latest mac os x technologies which allow you to easily modify any texts and vector shapes into a fancy graphic. use the result with iwork microsoft office belight applications and other programs. create more compelling business presentations brochures flyers postcards business cards and web sites with the program. pre-designed styles shapes icon art images shading materials and other advanced visual effects make art text a powerful and intuitive program which is a great example of delivering mac os x technologies to everyone. not only professionals but anyone who wants to make his text work look attractive will find a use for the program. apply shadow and glow effects ability to combine text with background image bend text using 22 adjustable vector transformation shapes or bezier splines ability to export into a file or clipboard in tiff jpeg pdf png or other formats system requirements - mac os x 10.4 or later COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL belight software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 383 COL r_rtable.description VAL startopia takes gamers to a once thriving galactic network of starships space stations and planets left lifeless with redundant scars of the apocalypse. as stationmaster your mission is to rebuild the abandoned space stations reunite the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 70 COL l_ltable.description VAL wasp fontware is a powerful bar code utility that seamlessly integrates truetype fonts with your favorite business software and database applications. wasp bar code fonts are compatible with all windows applications including the most common word processors and spreadsheets. easily create bar codes simply by using a font. generating bar codes has never been easier! wasp fontware professional+ package includes additional add-ins for word excel access and crystal reports. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL informatics 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 249 COL r_rtable.description VAL looking to buy a home? this user-friendly program will help guide you through the often nerve-wracking process of home financing. totally secure and self-contained this practical tutorial covers all the bases - from calculating how much house you ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 70 COL l_ltable.description VAL wasp fontware is a powerful bar code utility that seamlessly integrates truetype fonts with your favorite business software and database applications. wasp bar code fonts are compatible with all windows applications including the most common word processors and spreadsheets. easily create bar codes simply by using a font. generating bar codes has never been easier! wasp fontware professional+ package includes additional add-ins for word excel access and crystal reports. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL informatics 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2282 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. release date: 04/01/2006 COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL navarre distribution services 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 135 COL l_ltable.description VAL notetaker for os x v1.5 - aquaminds software (mac 10.0 or higher) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aquaminds 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 196 COL r_rtable.description VAL grass valley procoder 3 continues to provide high-speed high-quality video conversion between multiple formats incorporating the existing features and workflow options found in procoder 2.0 and adding several key new features including canopus hq ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 90 COL l_ltable.description VAL a rich and intriguing adventure in a&nbsp; world where murders are committed according to ancestral mystic beliefs...where nothing will be the same again. product informationa frightening ritualistic murder has taken place in an upscale hotel COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 249 COL r_rtable.description VAL looking to buy a home? this user-friendly program will help guide you through the often nerve-wracking process of home financing. totally secure and self-contained this practical tutorial covers all the bases - from calculating how much house you ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1314 COL l_ltable.description VAL first person shooter offers fast paced 2d and 3d action as you kill terrorists bent on destruction / esrb m mature (blood violence) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2894 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 204 COL l_ltable.description VAL upgrade only; previous version required COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 38 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: professional content share your documents business integration better manage content owner's instructions... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1081 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony media software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2075 COL r_rtable.description VAL featuring ez play today notation. turbo music (software). general midi software. book & disk package. 9x12 inches. 48 pages. published by turbo music. you're the star! packs include fully-orchestrated accompaniments on disk for each song in the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 740 COL l_ltable.description VAL readiris pro 11 is one of the most powerful and accurate ocr solutions designed for home and professional users. when you need to convert any paper pdf or image documents into digital files that you can edit share and save readiris pro 11 will do it all. it retypes scanned documents and image files and converts pdf files in editable text maintaining the original layout and offering an unprecedented speed and ocr accuracy. a powerful productivity booster for flatbed scanners all-in-one devices and digital cameras readiris pro can revolutionize the way you scan and convert documents. note: this product is for pcs only. readiris pro 11 is also available for macs. select your scanner define the scanner settings and enable the proper system options (page deskewing page analysis page orientation). readiris pro 11 does the rest. view larger. choose ms word as the output format click on recognize + save and within seconds your text is converted and exported in word ready to be edited. view larger. if you have a scanned image with tables readiris will converted in editable tables you can export in excel. view larger. readiris will let you convert hand printed capital text in digital text you can edit with your preferred software. view larger. document preparation in three easy steps turning hardcopy text images or pdfs into editable text is as easy as 1 2 3. first you scan your document with your flatbed scanner or open a pdf file or image document. (readiris pro 11 is compatible with the most commonly used images and pdf files.). once the file is opened in the software you click on recognize and save and within seconds your document is converted into and editable digital file. the final step is to export your document into you favorite application such as word excel acrobat (pdf) internet explorer (html) and more. readiris pro will save you incredible amounts of retyping time. the program's new ocr engine is optimized for speed and accuracy and features over 70 new major improvements from previous versions. not only will readiris pro 11 give you 30 percent greater text accuracy its advanced autoformat technology perfectly retains the layout of the original document in the output. and most amazingly it can perform these tasks with 126 languages. (the software's user interface is localized in 21 languages; see system requirements for a list of the supported interface languages.) the ideal pdf solution readiris pro can open your pdf file (even read-only pdfs) and generate four different types of pdf files: fully searchable image over text text over image text only and image only. you can also edit your pdf into several of the supported output formats such as word and excel. and when you need to scan text into a pdf file readiris pro can do that as well. you can convert your incoming faxes letters or any paper documents into fully searchable pdf files quickly and accurately. it couldn't be any quicker or easier. multi-page scanning ability and more readiris pro features a convenient interval scanning mode that allows you to manually set the time interval between scans to greatly simplify the scanning process for multi-page documents on a flatbed scanner. this multi-page mode applies to both hard-copy as well as digital documents such as such as tiff or pdf files. with support for the new microsoft formats wordml and spreadsheet ml readiris lets you accurately reproduce any kind of table in your office documents. based on xml the new formats generate richer editing and formatting of files that are optimized for windows office 2003. your tables can be perfectly reproduced in excel 2003 retaining the text and even the colored background. readiris pro even lets you digitize hand-printed notes and 23 types of barcodes including 2-d barcodes. the information contained in your barcode is automatically retyped into your application. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL global marketing partners 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 655 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. edius pro software can be upgraded to edius broadcast at any time. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL canopus/grass valley 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 35 COL l_ltable.description VAL based on the school zone workbook series this program teaches critical math skills with interactive activities and fun games. proven curriculum audio guidance and clear examples help your child master addition subtraction multiplication place values and other skills. the program randomizes problems with each use providing endless activities. the engaging games provide a helpful break. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL school zone 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 441 COL r_rtable.description VAL the big mix by allume systems for mac play it. mix it. rock it. unleash your talent. become the next superstar or the hottest dj. the big mix delivers the goods. this collection will let you rock the world or just listen to the music. so let the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1349 COL l_ltable.description VAL design premium cs3 3 mac ed 1u COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1203 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 java runtime environment 1.5 1gb ram 6.3gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1199 COL l_ltable.description VAL note: this is the upgrade version of adobe dreamweaver cs3. design develop and maintain websites and web applications--from start to finish--with adobe dreamweaver cs3 upgrade software. built for designers and developers dreamweaver cs3 offers both a visual layout interface and a streamlined coding environment. intelligent integration with related adobe software ensures an efficient workflow across your favorite tools. dreamweaver cs3 offers both a visual layout interface and a streamlined coding environment. easily set up css layouts such as the three-column layout with header and footer using the new document dialog box. the css layout-visualization feature helps you keep track of complex nesting schemes in your web pages. with dreamweaver cs3 you can easily copy and paste images from photoshop and fireworks and later edit them in the original software. adobe device central lets you preview how your web pages will look on mobile devices. the spry framework for ajax lets you add user interface components such as the expandable areas seen in the event information (open) and event directions (closed) regions here. create rich web content a higher standard in web design and development is emerging powered by dreamweaver cs3. create rich dynamic interfaces that tightly weave static structures together with responsive interactivity. use the new spry framework for ajax to develop energetic web experiences that will leave your competition standing still. in other words think deep dream big and then execute flawlessly with the most exciting web design and development tool we've ever devised. maximize efficiency accelerate your workflow with dreamweaver cs3 a faster smoother version of the preferred web design and development tool. drop in flv files add images from adobe photoshop and test your content for mobile devices. create visually or code directly work on your choice of macintosh or windows and enjoy the benefits of intelligent integration with other adobe tools. apply best practices dreamweaver cs3 makes it easy to apply best practices and accepted standards to ensure your websites and applications play well with others. build css-based websites from the ground up with new css layouts the unified css panel and css visualization and management tools. ensure more reliable and consistent performance with the new browser compatibility check. instantly preview your content for pcs mobile devices and print and find fast solutions to browser-specific css issues with the new css advisor website. audience benefit web designers--discover an exceptional web design workflow with adobe dreamweaver cs3 software. design and maintain websites from start to finish with your choice of either a powerful visual design interface or an efficient coding environment. streamline design with helpful css features; preview your pages for pcs mobile devices and print; and easily test pages for browser compatibility. enjoy tight integration with adobe photoshop cs3 flash cs3 professional fireworks cs3 and other adobe tools. web developers--develop more reliable consistent web applications based on universally accepted development standards with adobe dreamweaver cs3. take advantage of support for leading web development technologies including php adobe coldfusion and ajax for both internal and external projects. ensure consistency with helpful css features and automated cross-browser compatibility testing. comments embedded in the code offer tips about how to work with css. top reasons to buy adobe dreamweaver cs3 industry-leading tool take advantage of all the flexibility and power of a world-class web design tool. manipulate pixel-perfect designs in design view craft complex code in code view or do a little of each. work the way you work best. integrated workflows design develop and maintain content within dreamweaver cs3 while taking advantage of intelligent integration with other adobe tools including adobe flash cs3 professional adobe fireworks cs3 adobe photoshop cs3 adobe contribute cs3 and new adobe device central cs3 for creating mobile device content. complete css support discover the advantage of visual css tools that make it easy to view edit and move styles within and between files as well as see how your changes will affect the design. accelerate your workflow with new css layouts and test your design with the new browser compatibility check. integrated coding environment organize and accelerate your coding with code collapse color coding line numbering and a coding toolbar with comment/uncomment and code snippets. apply code hints for html and server languages. support for leading technologies take advantage of support for leading web development technologies including html xhtml css xml javascript ajax php adobe coldfusion asp asp.net and jsp. effortless xml quickly integrate xml content using either xsl or the spry framework for ajax. point to an xml file or xml feed url and dreamweaver cs3 will display its contents enabling you to drag and drop appropriate fields onto your page. adobe flash video support easily add flash video to your web pages in just five clicks with no knowledge of flash required. customize the video environment to match your website. learning resources learn as you go with comprehensive in-product tutorials reference content and instructional templates that make it easy to expand your skill set and adopt the latest technologies. extended dreamweaver community enjoy all the benefits of the extensive dreamweaver community including the online adobe design center and adobe developer center training and seminars developer certification programs user forums and more than 1 000 downloadable extensions available in the dreamweaver exchange. cross-platform support pick your platform: dreamweaver cs3 is available for intel or powerpc based macintosh computers as well as for windows xp and windows vista systems. design in your preferred platform and then deliver across platforms with more reliable consistent and high-performance results. browser compatibility check identifies css-related issues in different operating systems. additional features browser compatibility check save time and ensure a more consistent experience across browsers and operating systems with the new browser compatibility check. generate reports that identify css-related issues in a variety of browsers without needing to launch the browsers. css management easily move css code from inline to head from head to external sheet from document to document or between external sheets. cleaning up existing css in older pages has never been easier. css layouts easily incorporate css into your project with the new css layouts. extensive comments in each template explain the layout so beginning and intermediate designers can learn quickly. each template can be customized for your project. spry data integrate data into web pages using xml from an rss feed or a database. integrated data can be easily sorted and filtered. spry widgets easily add common interface components such as lists tables tabs form validation and repeatable regions to web pages with widgets from the spry framework for ajax. spry effects easily add visual transitions to page elements to make them grow shrink fade highlight and more with the spry effects for ajax. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1051 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 512mb ram (1gb recommended) 1.4gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card dvd-rom drive ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1331 COL l_ltable.description VAL art text is an application to create high quality textual graphics headings logos icons web banners and buttons. the program implements the latest mac os x technologies which allow you to easily modify any texts and vector shapes into a fancy graphic. use the result with iwork microsoft office belight applications and other programs. create more compelling business presentations brochures flyers postcards business cards and web sites with the program. pre-designed styles shapes icon art images shading materials and other advanced visual effects make art text a powerful and intuitive program which is a great example of delivering mac os x technologies to everyone. not only professionals but anyone who wants to make his text work look attractive will find a use for the program. apply shadow and glow effects ability to combine text with background image bend text using 22 adjustable vector transformation shapes or bezier splines ability to export into a file or clipboard in tiff jpeg pdf png or other formats system requirements - mac os x 10.4 or later COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL belight software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 267 COL r_rtable.description VAL nan COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1161 COL l_ltable.description VAL rollercoaster tycoon 3: soaked gives you an all-new expansion to the smash hit rollercoaster tycoon 3. for the first time you'll run your own water park -- and ride all the rides. celebrate summer as hundreds of guests catch rays and waves with an amazing lineup of rides. go wild on the super-splash flume rides massive water slides aquatic shows beaches and more. blast peeps with water cannons build them outrageous coasters and wow ?em with laser light water shows! get drenched with this splashy summertime addition to one of the biggest games of the year. add hundreds of new park enhancements with the swimming pool designer and waterfall designer - shimmering pools with multiple levels and walkways -- even waterfalls diving boards and interconnected flumes design dazzling laser light water shows - and synch them to music - with the h2o mixmaster expansion pack - requires use with rollercoaster tycoon 3 COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1575 COL r_rtable.description VAL rollercoaster tycoon 3 is completely updated and redesigned to take the series to all-new heights. featuring overhauled 3d graphics and the exclusive new coaster cam you can now see your park from any angle and ride the coasters you build. from ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1164 COL l_ltable.description VAL adobe photoshop cs3 software accelerates your path from imagination to imagery. ideal for photographers graphic designers and web designers the professional standard delivers new features such as automatic layer alignment and blending that enable advanced compositing. live filters boost the comprehensive nondestructive editing toolset for increased flexibility. and a streamlined interface and new timesaving tools make your work flow faster. boost your productivity with a streamlined interface. the loupe tool in adobe bridge cs3 lets you easily zoom into the fine detail of any image. the new overlay preview and clone source palette let you preview transform and precisely position cloned areas in a single fluid process. zoomify export allows you to efficiently display even the highest resolution imagery over low bandwidth web connections. work more productively take advantage of a wide range of improvements designed to boost your productivity. experience native performance on intel based and powerpc macs and on microsoft windows xp and windows vista systems. maximize your workspace with a streamlined interface process raw images with increased speed and quality and manage assets more efficiently in the revamped adobe bridge cs3. and enjoy complete compatibility with adobe photoshop lightroom software (sold separately) so the changes you make to an image in one product will automatically appear in the other. edit with unrivaled power the comprehensive image-editing toolset in photoshop cs3 lets you correct and enhance your images with unmatched creative control. experiment more freely with nondestructive filters. manage and correct color more easily and convert color images to rich black-and-white with one click. retouch images with more powerful cloning and healing tools. and count on higher fidelity conversion when you merge a series of exposures into a 32-bit high dynamic range (hdr) image. composite with breakthrough tools photoshop cs3 offers a wealth of features that make compositing multiple images easier than ever before. create more accurate composites with new tools that automatically align and blend layers or images based on similar content. make an image selection with one brush stroke. perfect any selection edge in an easy-to-use intuitive dialog box. and merge multiple photos into a panorama with superior results. product highlights boost your productivity with a streamlined interface enhancements to raw-image processing and asset management workflows and more. experience unrivaled editing power with nondestructive filters more precise color-correction controls and more powerful cloning and healing tools. easily create rich composites using new tools for automatically aligning and blending layers and making quick selections. audience benefit professional photographers--with adobe photoshop cs3 software you can perfect all of your images with nondestructive filters and more powerful color-correction cloning and healing tools and you can create sophisticated composites more easily than ever with breakthrough tools for automatically aligning and blending layers making quick selections and more. serious amateur photographers--adobe photoshop cs3 software delivers everything you need to edit images with professional-quality results and offers a simplified user interface that makes learning and working in the program easier. print and web designers--adobe photoshop cs3 software delivers unrivaled power to edit images breakthrough capabilities for creating sophisticated image composites and the ability to output your final files to a broad range of formats for print and the web. photography students and educators--from raw-image processing retouching and compositing to final image output professional-standard adobe photoshop cs3 software offers a powerful solution for digital photography workflows. work more productively efficient and flexible work environment streamlined interface and palette management maximize screen space for editing while keeping essential tools accessible. palettes are now arranged in convenient self-adjusting docks that can be widened to full size or narrowed to icons or even a thin self-revealing strip at the edge of your monitor. faster more flexible asset management with adobe bridge cs3 organize and manage images more efficiently with adobe bridge cs3 software which now delivers improved performance a filter panel for easier searching the ability to group multiple images under a single thumbnail the loupe tool offline image browsing and more. custom menus shortcuts and workspaces set up and save custom menus keyboard shortcuts and workspaces for quick access to what you need. streamlined workflow better raw image processing process raw images with increased speed and superior conversion quality using the adobe photoshop camera raw plug-in which now adds support for jpeg and tiff formats; new tools including fill light and dust busting; compatibility with adobe photoshop lightroom software; and support for over 150 camera models. enhanced pdf support work more easily with adobe pdf-based content. precisely control the size of pdf pages opened in photoshop; add security controls and metadata such as copyright and exposure details to images within pdf presentations; and create a richer image display in pdf presentations and documents. adobe photoshop lightroom support jump from photoshop lightroom software to photoshop cs3 in one click for advanced editing of your digital photos. lightroom (sold separately) offers an efficient powerful way to import manage and present large volumes of digital images. improved printing experience experience better control over print quality with color management a larger print preview window and more controls in one place so you can print in fewer steps. improved printing controls co-developed by adobe and hp make printing easier and more predictable and streamline setup options via integration with select printers from hp epson and canon. presets make sophisticated color adjustments automatically with one-click presets in curves the channel mixer and the new black and white conversion dialog box. peak performance experience native performance on intel and powerpc based macintosh computers and on microsoft windows xp and windows vista systems. automated production automate common production tasks in a variety of ways. set up event-based scripts record a series of steps as an action for efficient batch processing and design repetitive graphics faster with variables. history palette and edit history log undo and redo any set of editing steps in an open image with the history palette and automatically track all editing steps within your files with the edit history log. export steps to a text file or save them as part of image metadata for easier documentation of your work file audits and more. wide range of supported formats import and export a wide range of file formats including psd bmp cineon jpeg jpeg2000 openexr png targa and tiff. adobe device central cs3 create compelling mobile content such as wallpapers and screensavers and then visually preview how it will render on mobile devices using the built-in adobe device central cs3. tune your designs for mobile screen sizes and lighting conditions. zoomify export for high-resolution web display take advantage of adobe flash and zoomify technology to export high-resolution images to the web for viewing through adobe flash player software. flash player displays your image quickly and efficiently letting viewers zoom in on details with minimal delay. third-party solutions and resources take advantage of a wealth of additional resources--including software plug-ins books and training--from the longstanding community of expert photoshop developers authors and trainers. auto-align layers can automatically connect a series of photos into a panorama (left). auto-blend layers can then seamlessly blend lighting and texture to complete the perfect composite image (right). edit with unrivaled power maximize screen space for editing while keeping essential tools accessible. faster performance highest quality conversion and new lighting controls are some of the new hallmarks of camera raw in photoshop cs3. simple intuitive point-and-click monochrome conversion is yours with the new black and white adjustment. the new print interface in photoshop cs3 gathers all of the options you need in one easier-to-use dialog box. nondestructive editing smart filters add adjust and remove filters from an image without having to resave the image or start over to preserve quality. nondestructive smart filters allow you to visualize changes without altering original pixel data. smart objects perform nondestructive scaling rotating and warping of raster and vector graphics with smart objects. even preserve the editability of vector data from adobe illustrator software. professional color and tone control color-correction enhancements take advantage of precision color correction made faster and easier. brightness/contrast now provides better results from the same intuitive interface and enhanced curves controls let you make automatic adjustments with included presets or those you create; convert to black-and-white with point sliders; and use a histogram color channel lines and a clipping preview. black-and-white conversion easily convert color images to rich black-and-white and adjust tonal values and tints with a new tool. experiment with the included black-and-white presets or create and save your own custom presets to achieve the best results. improved channel mixer take advantage of new functionality and a host of presets that make the channel mixer easier to use for black-and-white conversion. enhanced 32-bit high dynamic range (hdr) support create and edit 32-bit images and combine multiple exposures into a single 32-bit image that preserves the full range of a scene--from the deepest shadows to the brightest highlights. new image processing and alignment algorithms deliver superior results. intelligent image editing and enhancement more powerful cloning and healing tools experience greater control when retouching images with cloning tools and the healing brush. see source pixels under your tool or brush for more precise positioning; preview changes to source content live; and set multiple source points scale and rotate in the new clone source palette. rich painting and drawing toolset create or modify images with a wide assortment of professional fully customizable paint settings artistic brushes and drawing tools. enhanced vanishing point take perspective-based editing to a new level with the enhanced vanishing point which lets you create multiple planes in an image connect them at any angle and then wrap graphics text and images around them to create packaging mock-ups and more. composite with breakthrough tools easy compositing and selecting advanced compositing create more accurate composites by automatically aligning multiple photoshop layers or images based on similar content. the auto-align layers command quickly analyzes details and moves rotates or warps layers to align them perfectly and the auto-blend layers command blends the color and shading to create a smooth editable result. improved photomerge technology take advantage of refined photomerge technology which uses new layer-alignment and layer-blending capabilities to let you automatically stitch horizontal or vertical photos into seamless panoramas. quick selection and refine edge tools make selections in a snap. loosely draw on an image area and the quick selection tool automatically completes the selection for you. then fine-tune your selections with the refine edge tool. flexible layers composite images text and effects on hundreds of layers for extraordinarily sophisticated results. organize layers with up to five levels of nesting and save in different combinations as layer comps. which edition of photoshop cs3 is right for you? photoshop cs3 is available in two editions--photoshop cs3 and photoshop cs3 extended--to meet the diverse needs of professionals in a wide range of fields. adobe photoshop cs3 adobe photoshop cs3 extended builds on photoshop cs2 with dozens of improvements increased productivity with a streamlined interface camera raw enhancements next-generation adobe bridge cs3 and zoomify export unrivaled editing power with live filters more precise color correction easier black-and-white conversion and more powerful cloning and healing tools breakthrough compositing with automatic layer alignment and blending capabilities easier selections and improved photomerge® technology 3d and motion support with the ability to edit 3d content and incorporate it into 2d compositions paint and clone over multiple video frames and more comprehensive image analysis with new image measurement and counting tools COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2651 COL r_rtable.description VAL windows system requirements microsoft® windows® xp with service pack 2 intel® pentium® 4 processor 768mb of ram (1gb recommended) 1gb of available hard-disk space 1024x768 screen resolution cd-rom drive macintosh system requirements mac os x v.10.4 ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 122 COL l_ltable.description VAL appleworks 6.2 gives you the tools of a professional artist and the convenience of the mac operating system! integrates seamlessly with quicktime to add animation and video clips to your online or digital documents stage a perfect presentation with 26 smooth slideshow transitions COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 235 COL r_rtable.description VAL nan COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1356 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL emedia 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 383 COL r_rtable.description VAL startopia takes gamers to a once thriving galactic network of starships space stations and planets left lifeless with redundant scars of the apocalypse. as stationmaster your mission is to rebuild the abandoned space stations reunite the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 856 COL l_ltable.description VAL can you save the earth from a zany invasion of wacky birds? this outrageously entertaining game is sure to keep you in stitches! over 100 addictive fun-filled levels! the birds fly fast & furious - miss too many and youâll be left behind! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL selectsoft publishing 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3142 COL r_rtable.description VAL can you save the earth from a zany invasion of wacky birds? this outrageously entertaining game is sure to keep you in stitches! over 100 addictive fun-filled levels! the birds fly fast & furious - miss too many and you?ll be left behind! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 610 COL l_ltable.description VAL zoo tycoon 2 brings back the wildly popular action of the first zoo tycoon with all-new action and thrills! immerse yourself in first-person views as you build exciting zoos and adopt amazing animals. get closer to your animals and get them cleaned and fed yourself -- or enjoy the zoo you've created from the perspective of a visitor. zoopedia teaches interesting facts about the animals in your zoo snap photos of your favorite animals or guests and share them online with friends play it your way -- focus on your favorite parts of zoo tycoon in freeform challenge and campaign modes COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL destineer 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2356 COL r_rtable.description VAL everybody likes the zoo. and why not casual walks exotic animals and fried foods are good fun. managing a zoo of your very own is even better. zoo tycoon challenges you to build a zoo one path tile one iron-reinforced fence and one animal at a ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1313 COL l_ltable.description VAL hop q*bert around the board while avoiding coily ugg wrongway slick and sam! look out for coily he'll chase q*bert all around the board. change the color of the cubes to complete each round. based on the 80's arcade phenomenon q*bert 2005 offers 50 different board shapes and level after level of hopping-mad fun! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3076 COL r_rtable.description VAL professional and impressive!imprinted with your business name and address!guaranteed compatible with your quickbooks(r) and quickbooks for windows(r) software.neat and clean. no carbon to touch. runs easily and smoothly through your printer without ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 429 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL imagination international corp 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2075 COL r_rtable.description VAL featuring ez play today notation. turbo music (software). general midi software. book & disk package. 9x12 inches. 48 pages. published by turbo music. you're the star! packs include fully-orchestrated accompaniments on disk for each song in the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 140 COL l_ltable.description VAL with ilisten you'll make it easy to dictate text as well as edit and format it with the power of your voice! new dock menu gives you one click access to ilisten's most used functions fully applescript compatible and internet ready does not include mic and headset COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL macspeech inc. 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2282 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. release date: 04/01/2006 COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL navarre distribution services 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 25 COL l_ltable.description VAL startopia takes gamers to a once-thriving galactic network of starships space stations and planets left lifeless with redundant scars of the apocalypse. you will lead the way in rebuilding the network of space stations that once served the commerce and communication of the old empire--reuniting the surviving alien peoples under one banner. startopia gives you the opportunity to rebuild and successfully maintain a series of giant torus (donut) space stations scattered across the galaxy. they will provide a suitable home for the many alien races that inhabit space and perhaps turn a tidy profit for you in the process. of course there are plenty of other enterprising individuals out there with the same goals not to mention there are many hazards that exist in deep space. a number of different life forms and organizations are developing competing stations and it will only be a matter of time before you'll need to confront your opponents. will you use economic or military means to force out your opponents? you decide. startopia features nine primary character races each with a unique look and function. each inhabitant is an individual character with unique moods desires personal histories and humorous character animations. it's a fully functioning alien society with racial animosity and friendships crime and punishment leisure and entertainment and a functioning economy. the unique torus play area gives a viewpoint never before seen in a game. the bio-deck has an editable landscape and a manageable ecosystem allowing you complete control of terraforming. multiplayer support for up to three other stationmasters and simple and intuitive command of security forces can conflict with other players or defend your station against alien threats. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL eidos interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2324 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. because the iriscard pro is a twain scanner you can also digitize your 4x6 pictures much COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 963 COL l_ltable.description VAL human body 360 is the most comprehensive anatomy software for exploring the fascinating inner world of the human body! human body 360 holds a world of authoritative information on the world within the human body. this 2-dvd set features fully updated and complete information presented through spectacular multimedia displays high-resolution pictures and animation. it's a total guide to the interior workings of humanity. for serious students adults medical professionals COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL megasystems 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2528 COL r_rtable.description VAL sure you can use a standard web browser with standard features. but you didn't choose a standard software experience - you chose the mac. why not try a browser built just for discriminating people with fabulous taste like yourself? omniweb5 ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 370 COL l_ltable.description VAL allegro 2005 provides professional-grade instrument sounds terrific marching percussion and more options for getting music on the page. human playback adds dynamics and phrasing to your music making it sound the way you'd like to hear it performed. add two- and three-voice harmonies to your melodies and include multiple drum grooves and styles automatically. allegro can also play back via your midi device or through the included smartmusic soundfont. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL makemusic! 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2583 COL r_rtable.description VAL overview with over 87 years of experience and a global reputation for unsurpassed excellence world book 2006 is firmly established as the premier reference source for students parents teachers and librarians. now the 1 name in reliability and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1131 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL simply put software llc 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1850 COL r_rtable.description VAL mobile find plus 411 directory search delivers fast easy wireless access to residential and business listings maps and driving directions for your pocket pc palm(tm) or wireless phone - when and where you need it. find phone numbers and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1000 COL l_ltable.description VAL enemy tanks have broken the lines and captured a city of strategic importance. your mission as an anti-tank cannon commander is to repel the occupiers and reclaim the city! the freedom of the city and all of its inhabitants depends on you! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL casual arcade 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 365 COL r_rtable.description VAL join chuck the dump truck and all of his tonka friends in the town where every building and vehicle talks - even buildings and parking meters! there are so many jobs to do in tonka town. you can do everything from collecting the mail to picking up ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1314 COL l_ltable.description VAL first person shooter offers fast paced 2d and 3d action as you kill terrorists bent on destruction / esrb m mature (blood violence) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2486 COL r_rtable.description VAL minimum system requirements: operating system: mac os x 10.3.9 or later cpu processor: powerpc g5 or intel chipset cpu speed: 1.8 ghz memory: 512 mb or higher hard disk space: 2.5gb free disk space video card (ati): radeon 9600 video card (nvidia): ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1271 COL l_ltable.description VAL mediarecover gives you the ability to recover files you were positively convinced were gone forever - even if you've deleted them. losing memories of vacations and fun times is bad enough but losing important business files can threaten your livelihood. you owe it to yourself to be prepared. mediarecover's 3-step recovery process ensures you can access your photos music and files when you need to! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aladdin systems 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1104 COL r_rtable.description VAL macbackup makes computer backup quick and easy! backup wizards are categorized to instantly backup everything on your computer or only your photos music and movies. easily store backups to virtually any kind of media: cd dvd zip disks network ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 98 COL l_ltable.description VAL terminal server lets you deliver windows-based applications or the windows desktop itself to virtually any computing device--including those that cannot run windows. terminal server provides this capability for both windows and non-windows-based client devices. when a user runs an application on terminal server all of the application execution takes place on the server and only keyboard mouse and display information traverses the network. with remote desktop for administration (formerly known as terminal services in remote administration mode) you can administer a computer from virtually any computer on your network. based on terminal services technology remote desktop for administration is specifically designed for server management. terminal server session directory is a feature that allows users to easily reconnect to a disconnected session in a load balanced terminal server farm. session directory is compatible with the windows server 2003 load balancing service and is supported by third-party external load balancer products from manufacturers such as f5 networks and radware. note: this is one additional windows server 2003 terminal server user cal. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3151 COL r_rtable.description VAL microsoft windows terminal server 2003 client additional license for users- 5 user brand: microsoft mpn: 824048 variant name: microsoft windows terminal server 2003 client additional license for users- 5 user COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 624 COL l_ltable.description VAL stopzilla 4 offers real-time protection from spyware and adware. it's got the most advanced pop-up protection available and it also has integrated cookie cleaning and history removal. keep your pc security updated constantly with configurable alert warnings and automatic updates. make sure you always intercept unwanted intrusions and annoying online advertising. free 24/7 support via live chat email or toll free 800 number COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL roxio 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1291 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 718 COL l_ltable.description VAL capture one pro is workflow software that integrates perfectly with your dslr camera enabling full control over your images from capture to print. this full digital workflow solution matches the high demands of the modern professional photographer. you'll create print-ready images with amazing quality by means of a few simple steps saving you a great deal of time and effort. as an extra bonus you get access to phase one's patent-pending image processing algorithms which deliver the highest image quality in the respective ccd or cmos sensor class. added support for canon's eos 10d 300d d30 d60 cameras individual noise-reduction for each image individual camera profile for each image image saturation adjustment slider automatic levels adjustment quick develop allows fast conversion to tiff or jpeg dual-image view to compare two images side-by-side COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL phase one 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2990 COL r_rtable.description VAL capture one db & pro: phase one p 45 / p 30 / p 25 / p 20 / h 25 / h 20 / h 10 / h 101 / h 5 / lightphase capture one pro & le: canon 1ds mkii / 1d mkii / 1d mkii n /1ds / 1d / 5d / 20d / 10d / 300d / 350d / d60 / d30 / pro 1 / g6 / g5 / g3 / g2 ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 13 COL l_ltable.description VAL - marketing information: make your project information work for you! the who what and when of your projects are too important to leave to chance. with details your project information is centralized organized and always up-to-date. in an instant you can communicate project statuses with colleagues and clients with presentation-quality reports and customized forms. product information - software sub type: project management/version control - software name: details v.3.0 - complete product - features and benefits: - easy setup - quickstart templates - accurate reporting - custom forms - the report generator - timeline graphs - submittal logs - project logs - contact fields - hyperlinks - web graphics - calculation fields - work calendar - this pop-up console enables you to oversee and manage the import process when importing data from other applications and files - choice lists - column summaries - language support: english - platform support: pc license information - license type: complete product - license pricing: standard - license quantity: 1 user COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aec software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 383 COL r_rtable.description VAL startopia takes gamers to a once thriving galactic network of starships space stations and planets left lifeless with redundant scars of the apocalypse. as stationmaster your mission is to rebuild the abandoned space stations reunite the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1233 COL l_ltable.description VAL macdrive 7 is the ultimate solution for sharing files between mac os and windows. there are no special steps and nothing new to learn -- just install macdrive and windows becomes a cross-platform file sharing powerhouse. once macdrive is installed you'll forget it's even there -- and wish you'd installed it sooner. it's perfect for graphic design audio video education digital photography publishing word processing cad/cam database administration and much more. macdrive 7 works with just about anything you can throw at it - hard drives cd-r/rw dvd rw/ r floppies ipods flash drives zip jaz mo dmg virtual disk files and more COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL mediafour corporation 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 169 COL r_rtable.description VAL moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertaining farming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at the general store. every decision you make could determine whether you bring home the bacon or get put out ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1356 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL emedia 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2530 COL r_rtable.description VAL grab your first edge in business by positioning yourself for success. you don't need to know accounting or even care about accounting to know that your business future depends largely on good financial organization that lets you know where your ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1314 COL l_ltable.description VAL first person shooter offers fast paced 2d and 3d action as you kill terrorists bent on destruction / esrb m mature (blood violence) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1291 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 182 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2324 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. because the iriscard pro is a twain scanner you can also digitize your 4x6 pictures much COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 355 COL l_ltable.description VAL restricted area is an incredible combination of action gaming and deep role-playing. four very different people meet as they're trying to change their lives. choose one of these four to play -- and enter their dystopian world for a complex twisting story that involves a dark secret and a very large corporation. the advanced ai uses group tactics to react to your character's visible strength the weapon in their hands and more -- you'll have to think to survive cooperative multiplayer mode COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL whiptail 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1758 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1331 COL l_ltable.description VAL art text is an application to create high quality textual graphics headings logos icons web banners and buttons. the program implements the latest mac os x technologies which allow you to easily modify any texts and vector shapes into a fancy graphic. use the result with iwork microsoft office belight applications and other programs. create more compelling business presentations brochures flyers postcards business cards and web sites with the program. pre-designed styles shapes icon art images shading materials and other advanced visual effects make art text a powerful and intuitive program which is a great example of delivering mac os x technologies to everyone. not only professionals but anyone who wants to make his text work look attractive will find a use for the program. apply shadow and glow effects ability to combine text with background image bend text using 22 adjustable vector transformation shapes or bezier splines ability to export into a file or clipboard in tiff jpeg pdf png or other formats system requirements - mac os x 10.4 or later COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL belight software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2519 COL r_rtable.description VAL software testing second edition provides practical insight into the world of software testing and quality assurance. learn how to find problems in any computer program how to plan an effective test approach and how to tell when software is ready ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 643 COL l_ltable.description VAL whether you're creating company logos or working toward demanding production schedules you can transform ideas into professional results with the help of coreldraw graphics suite x3. this significant update includes more than 40 new and enhanced features designed to directly benefit design professionals and occasional business users. included applications coreldraw x3: an intuitive graphic design and page layout application that meets the demands of today's busy design professionals and occasional business users. it delivers results fast whether you're creating a company logo or working toward demanding production schedules. corel photo-paint x3: a professional image-editing application that lets users quickly and easily retouch and enhance photos. it is specifically designed for use as part of a graphic workflow. corel powertrace x3: professional designers often receive poor-quality bitmap images from clients and face the challenge of turning these into high-quality vector images for business cards brochures promotional items or signs. the new corel powertrace solves this problem by letting users quickly and accurately convert bitmaps into editable vector graphics. corel capture x3: a one-click screen capture utility that lets users capture images from their computer screen. pixmantec rawshooter essentials: this raw workflow tool provides the highest-quality output and fastest conversion time of any raw converter on the market today. it gives designers and business users excellent results with minimum effort. content: more than 10 000 clipart and digital images individually selected to meet the needs of design professionals and business users; 1 000 opentype fonts plus 35 windows glyph list 4 (wgl4) fonts; and 100 creative templates. corel powertrace is the most powerful and accurate bitmap-to-vector tracing application on the market. you now have complete control and flexibility for editing vector images including color merging and interactive color mode selection. see it in action. the image adjustment lab is a 'one stop shop' for adjusting photo colors and tones while the ability to create snapshots of your adjusted photos with one single click makes photo comparison simple and easy. see it in action. powerful new illustration tools help you transform your ideas into results faster and more beautifully than ever. see it in action. also included: images fonts and 10 000 hand-selected professional clipart images. you also get 35 new wgl4 fonts and 1 000 royalty free photos. see it in action. its now easier than ever to learn and work with coreldraw graphics suite x3! see it in action. made for you coreldraw graphics suite x3 has been designed for both design professionals and occasional business users with special new tools that are sure to ease the burden of both types of users. if you work in advertising printing sign-making engraving or manufacturing this release has amazing new tools that help you get the job done faster and with more accuracy. likewise if you need to create marketing collateral flyers newsletters brochures web graphics and other projects for your business coreldraw graphics suite x3 makes it easy to make it happen fast. quality layout results coreldraw x3 provides significant improvements to text handling that make it easier for users to select edit and format text. new controls have been added for alignment drop caps tabs bullets and columns. for more flexibility and accuracy in design users can now specify text size in inches and create hyperlinks for specific characters. in addition the application works better with text from other sources. the new character formatting docker makes formatting artistic and paragraph text easier than ever before. this convenient new docker includes easy-to-use controls for adjusting kerning changing the angle of selected characters and applying character effects such as underline strike-through uppercase. meanwhile an enhanced interactive fit text to path tool now makes it easier than ever to attach text to a path with precision. a common effect for creating logos and signs this new tool lets you interactively control text placement in order to get your desired results. new tools for illustration with coreldraw graphics suite x3 designers can take advantage of tons of new tools and features that increase their productivity without compromising on their creativity and flexibility. for instance the new star tool lets users quickly and easily draw perfect stars while the new complex star tool makes it easy to create complex stars that have intersecting sides and produce unique results with an applied fill. you can also specify the number of points and can sharpen the points of a complex star. a significant time-saver the new crop tool quickly lets you remove unwanted areas in objects and imported graphics -- both bitmap and vector. this handy addition to the coreldraw x3 toolbox eliminates the need to ungroup objects break linked groups apart or convert objects to curves. meanwhile the unique new smart fill tool lets you apply a fill to any enclosed area by creating a new object from an enclosed area. unlike conventional fill tools that fill only objects the smart fill tool detects the edges of an area and creates a closed path so that the area can be filled. for example the smart fill tool can fill the loops of a freehand line that crosses over itself. the smart fill tool creates a path around the area so the filled object can be moved copied or edited. powerful accurate tracing coreldraw graphics suite x3 provides a more streamlined integrated tracing solution that delivers accurate and optimized bitmap-to-vector tracing results. integrated with coreldraw x3 the new corel powertrace allows users to quickly and easily convert bitmaps into editable vector graphics. design professionals typically face the challenge of turning bitmap images into high-quality vector images to create logos for business cards brochures signs and promotional items. for control and flexibility corel powertrace generates a color palette that lets you easily pick which colors appear in the traced result and quickly convert them to the appropriate color mode including spot colors. you can also choose from several preset tracing styles color modes and background options. with three different preview modes -- before and after large preview and wireframe overlay -- corel powertrace makes it easy to analyze the result and adjust the settings used to trace your image. efficient photo editing coreldraw graphics suite x3 puts the focus on providing design professionals with more efficient intuitive and accurate photo editing. corel photo-paint x3 is now significantly faster when working with large images and applying photo effects resulting in better real-time feedback and improving overall workflow efficiency. improved object handling gives designers more precise control in rotating skewing or distorting objects. for large images improved use of image cache provides significantly increased response time for previewing most effects and for manipulating objects. the new integrated image adjustment lab saves designers valuable time and is accessible from both corel photo-paint and coreldraw. design professionals often work with files that have poor color balance and contrast and they need to use multiple tools to make adjustments. the image adjustment lab addresses this problem by uniting a number of manual and automatic controls for common color and tone corrections providing an intuitive and fast way to achieve professional image adjustments. the image adjustment lab also lets users create snapshots of their adjustments with just one click. the snapshots appear below the working preview which lets users easily compare each snapshot against the original and choose the best result. built on the power of corel knockout the enhanced cutout lab includes new controls to simplify the process of cutting out image areas and to improve accuracy. the new add detail and remove detail tools make it easy to refine the cutout area. for easy reference when defining the cutout area users can preview their cutout against the original image or transparent white gray or black backgrounds. for maximum flexibility users can choose to save the cutout object and discard the original image save the cutout object and keep the original image or save the cutout object as a clip mask added to the original image. in addition the cutout lab includes undo and redo buttons to quickly correct any mistakes. enhanced compatibility coreldraw graphics suite x3 provides enhanced compatibility for more than 100 commonly used file formats including adobe illustrator photocells corel paint shop pro microsoft office jpeg and pdf. users can now seamlessly edit and exchange files in those formats. outstanding support for spot colors has been added for adobe illustrator photoshop and pdf. upgrade eligibility to purchase the upgrade version of coreldraw graphics suite x3 you must own a previous licensed version of: coreldraw coreldraw graphics suite coreldraw office edition coreldraw essentials coreldraw select coreldraw classic corel designer corel photo-paint corel painter corel picture publisher micrografx designer micrografx igrafx business micrografx graphics suite. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL corel 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2314 COL r_rtable.description VAL brand new factory sealed software or accessories from a pro merchant. over 1 million new and used books movies games software and cds available. in business since 1986. satisfaction guaranteed.we offer free shipping when you purchase five or ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1253 COL l_ltable.description VAL bryce 6 is the ideal 3d software addition to your image-editing toolbox. it gives creators the ability to work faster and create more realistic environments than ever before. place your characters directly into your bryce 6 scenes and have them walk and talk right before your very eyes. choose at what point you want the imported animations to begin with the freedom to go back to daz|studio to make any necessary adjustments to make them perfect. then simply re-import those animations back into your bryce 6 scene. whether you are a professional designer or a 3d graphics enthusiast bryce 6 provides you with the tools to literally create a world of your own. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL re:launch 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 382 COL r_rtable.description VAL you've watched the excitement of er now experience it firsthand! as the new er intern at chicago's county general hospital your career starts out easily enough as you treat a manageable number of patients sporting minor cuts and bruises. however ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1356 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL emedia 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1622 COL r_rtable.description VAL enjoy countless hours of reading pleasure with this deluxe compilation of classic works from over 200 authors. features all the major classics of english literature including novels mysteries poetry sci-fi romance horror and more. annotate each ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1356 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL emedia 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 636 COL r_rtable.description VAL as addictive as it is exciting luxor provides hours of action-puzzle excitement as you journey through 88 mind-blowing levels in your quest to save egypt. enjoy a totally addictive action-puzzle adventure! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 263 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL global marketing 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2562 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements macintosh macintosh computer with a powerpc g3 g4 g5 processor or intel processor 256mb of ram cd or dvd drive and hard disk drive mac os x 10.3.9 for powerpc-based macs or mac os x 10.4.5 for intel-based macs windows pentium ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 193 COL l_ltable.description VAL hallmark card studio deluxe 2005 makes it easy to create your own one-of-a-kind hallmark cards for anyone on any occasion within minutes! capture life's special moments in beautiful photo frames to commemorate any event. enhance your cards and envelopes with dozens of exclusive images. import your own photos and use them as artwork for your cards and projects -- it's fast easy and fun! browse through 5 000 exclusive clip art pieces to find the perfect image work with 1 000 new designs and exclusive hallmark fonts - it's fast easy and fun COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sierra home 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1363 COL r_rtable.description VAL fast easy and fun! create custom hallmark cards and projects in minutes using hallmark exclusive sentiments and fonts. create personal calendars for daily weekly monthly and annual use. you can also make stickers personalized certificates ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1119 COL l_ltable.description VAL prey is a groundbreaking first-person shooter that turns the genre upside-down with new gameplay features and next generation graphics. breaking the traditional first-person shooter format prey introduces innovative gameplay elements including wall-walking portals spirit-walking and gravity flipping which allows for insane eight player deathmatches. prey tells the story of tommy a cherokee garage mechanic stuck on a reservation and going nowhere. his life changes when an otherworldly crisis forces him to awaken spiritual powers from his long-forgotten birthright. abducted along with his people to a menacing mothership orbiting earth he sets out to save himself and his girlfriend and ultimately his planet. multiplayer ­ multiplayer games take complete advantage of the unique gameplay styles of prey as players walk on the ceilings and walls while the map¹s gravity flips from side to side note - may require advanced video processing capabilities on your mac computer COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3167 COL r_rtable.description VAL from chaos comes order. private prisons have become the new growth industry. you will construct and run an efficient rehabilitation facility with nothing but money on your mind. there's no escaping under your watchful eye as you oversee every detail ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 552 COL l_ltable.description VAL topics entertainment instant immersion japanese deluxe 2.0 from the publisher of the nations 1 selling instant immersion language line comes instant immersion japanese deluxe a comprehensive approach to language study focusing on listening reading and writing. emphasizing the euro method - the best process for learning to speak a foreign language quickly this 8 cd suite combines an immersion environment with brand-new curriculum that will quickly move you from a beginner to an advanced student. windows and xp pc only COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 152 COL r_rtable.description VAL topics entertainment instant immersion japanese deluxe 2.0 from the publisher of the nation's 1 selling instant immersion language line comes instant immersion japanese deluxe a comprehensive approach to language study focusing on listening reading ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 869 COL l_ltable.description VAL quicken deluxe 2007 contains all the tools you liked in quicken basic plus tools to help you plan for the future and achieve your financial goals. download your credit card banking and brokerage transactions directly from your participating financial institutions. save for a college tuition a new home or vacation; create retirement and estate plans; avoid getting into debt; and simplify your taxes. see your complete financial picture in minutes! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL intuit 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 52 COL r_rtable.description VAL quicken 2007 deluxe win cd $20 end-user mail-in-rebate in the box from product launch thru november 30 2006. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL intuit 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1271 COL l_ltable.description VAL mediarecover gives you the ability to recover files you were positively convinced were gone forever - even if you've deleted them. losing memories of vacations and fun times is bad enough but losing important business files can threaten your livelihood. you owe it to yourself to be prepared. mediarecover's 3-step recovery process ensures you can access your photos music and files when you need to! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aladdin systems 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1055 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 563 COL l_ltable.description VAL topics entertainment instant immersion italian deluxe 2.0 you set the pace for learning with this series of personalized beginner intermediate and advanced programs. with entertaining instruction on 20 key lessons including vocabulary grammar and phonetics you will quickly start speaking reading and writing italian windows & xp pc only COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 154 COL r_rtable.description VAL topics entertainment instant immersion japanese 2.0 this 4 cd-rom suite immerses you in the learning process with cultural videos entertaining games and interactive dialogue with native speakers. windows & xp pc only COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 967 COL l_ltable.description VAL pcdefense protects you from: spyware - spyware scan removes the spyware that's compromising your privacy right now spyalarm blocks new spyware threats before they transmit your personal information to online criminals keyloggers: keylogger prevention stops malicious keyloggers from invading your privacy and stealing your identity rootkits: rootkit scan identifies hidden files and processes that are undetectable by conventional security suites viruses: virus scan delivers on-demand web-based scanning tools that are constantly updated protecting you against the latest virus threats system failure: recover from a catastrophic attack rootkit infestation or system failure using disaster recovery. disaster recovery restores your entire system - files settings and programs COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL avanquest software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3169 COL r_rtable.description VAL a horrific ritualistic murder has taken place in an upscale hotel. enter gus macpherson a former american private detective now hired by a mysterious and sensuous woman sophia blake to find out who murdered her beloved sister and brother-in-law ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 717 COL l_ltable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! product information ares rising is a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. a branching storyline allows you to chart various courses to success and to replay the game in many different ways. you take responsibility for making alliances purchasing equipment and ultimately tipping the balance of power. ares rising brings together the best strategy combat resource allocation and story telling elements to enable a degree of player freedom rarely achieved. product features multiplayer action with head-to-head and team death match modes. persistent characters allow you to build power reputation and prestige through multiple game sessions. a combination of dog-fighting and strategic combat where proper consideration of advanced tactics and technologies count as much as hot dog piloting. choose from a wide range of devastating tactical weapons including cloaks auto-turrets beam weapons nuclear warheads sensor drones and ship decoys to name a few. all ai pilots work in wingmen groups. employing squadron tactics and complex maneuvers will give you a distinct advantage. system requirements windows 95 98 me only (not xp compatible) pentium 133mhz processor windows 95 with directx 5.0 (included) 16mb of ram 150mb hard drive space 2x cd-rom drive directx certified sound and video card microsoft or 100% compatible mouse recommended requirments pentium 200mhz or higher or k6 3d 32mb of ram 200mb hard drive space 12x cd-rom drive d3d supporting video card with graphics acceleration digital audio compatible sound card joystick please note: the product you are viewing is an older version that is currently in demand and a valuabl COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL interplay 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 97 COL r_rtable.description VAL un-chain your mind with chainz a challenging puzzle game of colorful logic. rotate links to form chains of matching colors. set up chain reactions and incorporate bonus links for big rewards. you can play at your own pace or try and beat the clock! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 164 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 338 COL r_rtable.description VAL covers what the basic beginner needs to know about playing the drums. step-by-step video lessons and a guide to reading music! the interactive guide will show you how to get started from selecting the right drum set to playing beats and rolls that ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 8 COL l_ltable.description VAL webexpress (win 95 98) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL ingram micro 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2943 COL r_rtable.description VAL boostxp by allume - maximum pc performance! now anyone can keep their computer in peak condition! boost performance protect your pc clean-up clutter customize your pc. key benefits boost performance the most thorough way to tune-up your pc. improve ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 855 COL l_ltable.description VAL click-popping frenzy!product informationthe pressure is on for you to pop the pieces before they fill up thescreen! how fast can you click and find those combos? incredible fast-pacedmind-popping fun! multiple game variations keep this classic fun fresh a COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL selectsoft publishing 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2282 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. release date: 04/01/2006 COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL navarre distribution services 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 355 COL l_ltable.description VAL restricted area is an incredible combination of action gaming and deep role-playing. four very different people meet as they're trying to change their lives. choose one of these four to play -- and enter their dystopian world for a complex twisting story that involves a dark secret and a very large corporation. the advanced ai uses group tactics to react to your character's visible strength the weapon in their hands and more -- you'll have to think to survive cooperative multiplayer mode COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL whiptail 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 619 COL r_rtable.description VAL minimum: macintosh computer with 800mhz g4/g5 or faster processor mac os x v10.2.8 or higher 256mb ram 32mb agp video card (geforce 2mx/ati 7500 or better) 1.4gb hard disk space internet or lan connection required for online play. recommended: 1ghz ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 164 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 332 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1147 COL l_ltable.description VAL our most popular selling product the pro edition is designed for the professional filmmaker. everything is at your fingertips including a full contact manager complete budgeting and scheduling locations film festivals and more. the best thing about gorilla is that it is simple. other budgeting and scheduling programs are complex convoluted and hard to navigate through. gorilla has a simple menu-driven interface and is very easy to learn. ...and it's not only budgeting and scheduling. take a closer look at all the features this program has to offer. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL jungle software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 57 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. providing a seamless realtime workflow supporting all video acquisition ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 560 COL l_ltable.description VAL expansion pack; requires sims 2 to run in the sims 2: university you'll get a chance to take your sim to college. watch as they enjoy their newfound freedom -- they'll party with friends join fraternities and sororities and pull outrageous pranks. help them fulfill new lifetime goals to unlock more rewards and reap all of the benefits of their university years. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3028 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: requires the full version of the sims 2 for mac os x to play operating system: mac os x 10.3.9 or later cpu processor: powerpc g4/g5 cpu speed: 1.2ghz or faster memory: 256 mb or higher (512 mb recommended) hard disk space: 2gb ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1233 COL l_ltable.description VAL macdrive 7 is the ultimate solution for sharing files between mac os and windows. there are no special steps and nothing new to learn -- just install macdrive and windows becomes a cross-platform file sharing powerhouse. once macdrive is installed you'll forget it's even there -- and wish you'd installed it sooner. it's perfect for graphic design audio video education digital photography publishing word processing cad/cam database administration and much more. macdrive 7 works with just about anything you can throw at it - hard drives cd-r/rw dvd rw/ r floppies ipods flash drives zip jaz mo dmg virtual disk files and more COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL mediafour corporation 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 827 COL r_rtable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1071 COL l_ltable.description VAL scansoft pdf converter 4 instantly converts pdf files into documents spreadsheets and forms that look exactly like the original - complete with all formatting and graphics! information is set free to be edited and integrated into your documents. superior formatting image-only pdf handling and page-range selection mean you'll save more time than ever before. pdf converter works within the applications that you use every day including microsoft® word excel® and outlook as well as corel® wordperfect®. if you need more from pdf than paper trapped behind glass - then you need pdf converter! instantly converts pdf files into documents forms and spreadsheets. files will look just like the original - complete with text columns tables and graphics. includes pdf converter assistant to select page or range of pages to convert. pdf converter works within the applications that you use every day including microsoft word excel and outlook as well as corel wordperfect. pdf converter can even be used to extract charts and graphs from pdf files so they can be reused in microsoft powerpoint® and other applications with cut-and-paste ease! pdf converter lets you turn static pdf forms into editable microsoft word forms with a single mouse click. pdf converter was developed in collaboration with microsoft so it seamlessly integrates with the applications you use every day - microsoft word outlook internet explorer and windows explorer. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL nuance 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 337 COL r_rtable.description VAL scansoft pdf converter 4 instantly turns pdf files into fully formatted documents forms and spreadsheets plus it converts pdf files into documents that look exactly like the original--complete with all the formatting and graphics! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 490 COL l_ltable.description VAL the power of fun; the power of imagination for kids!product informationthis collection all adds up to fun for kids with the engagingly interactivecd-roms.&nbsp; your name is flik and it's up to you to protect your insectcolony from the evil hopper and his COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2541 COL r_rtable.description VAL music mermaids and madcap adventures four big titles mean big fun for girls. freddi fish 4 the case of the hogfish rustlers of briny gulch: the captivating game of underwater wrangling and reasoning. lilo and stitch: trouble in paradise: lets ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 454 COL l_ltable.description VAL find the best excitement and puzzle fun in this entertaining collection of games. complete with high score lists adjustable skill levels save and print word searches and crossword puzzles. simple installation to being playing immediately. includes hoyle rulebook and strategy guide for advanced insider information COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 46 COL r_rtable.description VAL turn a deck of cards into 18 games of hours of fun! enjoy the classic card games from bridge canasta euchre and solitaire to spades gin rummy go fish and so many more! included free is a friday night poker cd with 13 additional games and two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 609 COL l_ltable.description VAL macbackup protects your computer from disaster. the software quickly restores your computer to its original backed up state. a step-by-step wizard makes backup simple for savinf priceless digital photos music investment and any other personal information. macbackup allows you to easily backup to any recordable cd/dvd local or alternative hard drive network location or ftp site using compression methods to maximize your storage space. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL macware 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1462 COL r_rtable.description VAL overview the leader in typing tutorial software for 10 years running mavis beacon teaches typing 16 delivers the customized training you need in a motivating engaging format. work at your own pace with lesson content that keeps you interested. ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1318 COL l_ltable.description VAL jeopardy! is one of the all-time tv game shows and now it's available on your computer. choose money tiles in various categories -- behind each one is the answer to a question. can you guess what the question is? enjoy the full tv-game experience with more puzzles and double jeopardy. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1022 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 190 COL l_ltable.description VAL mavis beacon teaches typing 16 deluxe offers typing instruction that suits your professional routine. it features 20 new practice lessons including new html documents. with over 150 new topics to choose from you'll find the topics that interest you and start boosting your typing skills. type faster and reduce keyboarding errors in as little as 15 minutes a day! download lessons to your palm os device to practice on the go choice of english or spanish instructions COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL broderbund 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 54 COL r_rtable.description VAL overview computers have changed society and influenced every part of business and personal communication. due to the overwhelming prevalence of computers it is more important than ever to develop strong keyboarding skills. whether you're e-mailing ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 393 COL l_ltable.description VAL obscure takes the survival-horror gaming you love and sets it in a teenage horror film. tortured screams echo through leafmore high's deserted corridors. faceless creatures lurk in the shadows. five teenagers set out to bring light into the darkness - and experience a night that will scar their souls forever. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2528 COL r_rtable.description VAL sure you can use a standard web browser with standard features. but you didn't choose a standard software experience - you chose the mac. why not try a browser built just for discriminating people with fabulous taste like yourself? omniweb5 ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1200 COL l_ltable.description VAL note: this is the upgrade version of adobe dreamweaver cs3. design develop and maintain websites and web applications--from start to finish--with adobe dreamweaver cs3 upgrade software. built for designers and developers dreamweaver cs3 offers both a visual layout interface and a streamlined coding environment. intelligent integration with related adobe software ensures an efficient workflow across your favorite tools. dreamweaver cs3 offers both a visual layout interface and a streamlined coding environment. the spry framework for ajax lets you add user interface components such as the expandable areas seen in the event information (open) and event directions (closed) regions here. create rich web content a higher standard in web design and development is emerging powered by dreamweaver cs3. create rich dynamic interfaces that tightly weave static structures together with responsive interactivity. use the new spry framework for ajax to develop energetic web experiences that will leave your competition standing still. in other words think deep dream big and then execute flawlessly with the most exciting web design and development tool we've ever devised. maximize efficiency accelerate your workflow with dreamweaver cs3 a faster smoother version of the preferred web design and development tool. drop in flv files add images from adobe photoshop and test your content for mobile devices. create visually or code directly work on your choice of macintosh or windows and enjoy the benefits of intelligent integration with other adobe tools. apply best practices dreamweaver cs3 makes it easy to apply best practices and accepted standards to ensure your websites and applications play well with others. build css-based websites from the ground up with new css layouts the unified css panel and css visualization and management tools. ensure more reliable and consistent performance with the new browser compatibility check. instantly preview your content for pcs mobile devices and print and find fast solutions to browser-specific css issues with the new css advisor website. audience benefit web designers--discover an exceptional web design workflow with adobe dreamweaver cs3 software. design and maintain websites from start to finish with your choice of either a powerful visual design interface or an efficient coding environment. streamline design with helpful css features; preview your pages for pcs mobile devices and print; and easily test pages for browser compatibility. enjoy tight integration with adobe photoshop cs3 flash cs3 professional fireworks cs3 and other adobe tools. web developers--develop more reliable consistent web applications based on universally accepted development standards with adobe dreamweaver cs3. take advantage of support for leading web development technologies including php adobe coldfusion and ajax for both internal and external projects. ensure consistency with helpful css features and automated cross-browser compatibility testing. comments embedded in the code offer tips about how to work with css. top reasons to buy adobe dreamweaver cs3 industry-leading tool take advantage of all the flexibility and power of a world-class web design tool. manipulate pixel-perfect designs in design view craft complex code in code view or do a little of each. work the way you work best. integrated workflows design develop and maintain content within dreamweaver cs3 while taking advantage of intelligent integration with other adobe tools including adobe flash cs3 professional adobe fireworks cs3 adobe photoshop cs3 adobe contribute cs3 and new adobe device central cs3 for creating mobile device content. complete css support discover the advantage of visual css tools that make it easy to view edit and move styles within and between files as well as see how your changes will affect the design. accelerate your workflow with new css layouts and test your design with the new browser compatibility check. integrated coding environment organize and accelerate your coding with code collapse color coding line numbering and a coding toolbar with comment/uncomment and code snippets. apply code hints for html and server languages. support for leading technologies take advantage of support for leading web development technologies including html xhtml css xml javascript ajax php adobe coldfusion asp asp.net and jsp. effortless xml quickly integrate xml content using either xsl or the spry framework for ajax. point to an xml file or xml feed url and dreamweaver cs3 will display its contents enabling you to drag and drop appropriate fields onto your page. adobe flash video support easily add flash video to your web pages in just five clicks with no knowledge of flash required. customize the video environment to match your website. learning resources learn as you go with comprehensive in-product tutorials reference content and instructional templates that make it easy to expand your skill set and adopt the latest technologies. extended dreamweaver community enjoy all the benefits of the extensive dreamweaver community including the online adobe design center and adobe developer center training and seminars developer certification programs user forums and more than 1 000 downloadable extensions available in the dreamweaver exchange. cross-platform support pick your platform: dreamweaver cs3 is available for intel or powerpc based macintosh computers as well as for windows xp and windows vista systems. design in your preferred platform and then deliver across platforms with more reliable consistent and high-performance results. additional features browser compatibility check save time and ensure a more consistent experience across browsers and operating systems with the new browser compatibility check. generate reports that identify css-related issues in a variety of browsers without needing to launch the browsers. css management easily move css code from inline to head from head to external sheet from document to document or between external sheets. cleaning up existing css in older pages has never been easier. css layouts easily incorporate css into your project with the new css layouts. extensive comments in each template explain the layout so beginning and intermediate designers can learn quickly. each template can be customized for your project. spry data integrate data into web pages using xml from an rss feed or a database. integrated data can be easily sorted and filtered. spry widgets easily add common interface components such as lists tables tabs form validation and repeatable regions to web pages with widgets from the spry framework for ajax. spry effects easily add visual transitions to page elements to make them grow shrink fade highlight and more with the spry effects for ajax. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1051 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 512mb ram (1gb recommended) 1.4gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card dvd-rom drive ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1318 COL l_ltable.description VAL jeopardy! is one of the all-time tv game shows and now it's available on your computer. choose money tiles in various categories -- behind each one is the answer to a question. can you guess what the question is? enjoy the full tv-game experience with more puzzles and double jeopardy. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 848 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1071 COL l_ltable.description VAL scansoft pdf converter 4 instantly converts pdf files into documents spreadsheets and forms that look exactly like the original - complete with all formatting and graphics! information is set free to be edited and integrated into your documents. superior formatting image-only pdf handling and page-range selection mean you'll save more time than ever before. pdf converter works within the applications that you use every day including microsoft® word excel® and outlook as well as corel® wordperfect®. if you need more from pdf than paper trapped behind glass - then you need pdf converter! instantly converts pdf files into documents forms and spreadsheets. files will look just like the original - complete with text columns tables and graphics. includes pdf converter assistant to select page or range of pages to convert. pdf converter works within the applications that you use every day including microsoft word excel and outlook as well as corel wordperfect. pdf converter can even be used to extract charts and graphs from pdf files so they can be reused in microsoft powerpoint® and other applications with cut-and-paste ease! pdf converter lets you turn static pdf forms into editable microsoft word forms with a single mouse click. pdf converter was developed in collaboration with microsoft so it seamlessly integrates with the applications you use every day - microsoft word outlook internet explorer and windows explorer. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL nuance 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 196 COL r_rtable.description VAL grass valley procoder 3 continues to provide high-speed high-quality video conversion between multiple formats incorporating the existing features and workflow options found in procoder 2.0 and adding several key new features including canopus hq ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 831 COL l_ltable.description VAL looking to complement your business operations with a robust accounting solution? packed with all of the essentials including invoicing and bill paying as well as some of the most advanced accounting features you'll find anywhere peachtree pro accounting 2007 is designed to help you make better decisions for your business. navigation centers provide an easy way to learn your way around peachtree. view larger. use the sales/invoicing window to enter invoices for customers. view larger. save time by running key reports from your most commonly used screens. view larger. the receipts screen allows you to enter all checks cash and credit card slips you receive and deposit them in your checking account. view larger. easily copy the data from a report or financial statement into excel. the formulas in the report you transfer will be maintained in excel. view larger. easy startup easy to learn just minutes after installing the software helpful features like an improved setup guide and preparation checklist navigation centers wizards and a guided tour will make it easy for you to start tracking your finances. the software's navigation centers offer a quick and intuitive way to navigate and gain access to your company's information. from one screen you can conveniently view and drill into lists reports setup screens graphs and more. the software's guided tour and new company setup wizard will take all the mystery out of getting started. best of all if you're moving into peachtree from quickbooks a easy-to-use conversion utility will convert your quickbooks data (versions 4.0 to 2006 basic through enterprise). control choice and flexibility with the software's internal accounting review you can run up to 15 checks at any time on your peachtree data and search for common accounting mistakes such as duplicate transactions and cash receipts that do not debit the correct general ledger cash account. by taking advantage of the online bank reconciliation feature you'll reduce the time it takes to reconcile your bank accounts. simply download your bank statement into peachtree and items that have cleared your bank are matched up with existing entries in peachtree for faster reconciliation. transactions that are missing from peachtree can easily be created from information supplied by your bank. because the software's quick entry account register looks just like your check book register you'll feel right at home but unlike a checkbook the quick entry register allows you to drill down into each transaction for more detail. you will know instantly the payment status of each purchases or invoice so you can easily stay on top of who owes you and who you owe. these features combine to let you track each invoice until it's paid. half the battle to running your own business is being able to keep track of the bills you need to pay. peachtree pro accounting lets you write your checks and pay your bills as if you were working in your own checkbook. and with the software's enhanced reporting features you can even filter out the bills that need to be paid according to date amount due discounts and more. this helps you prioritize exactly how you spend your money. powerful inventory features with advanced features that let you keep track of your inventory peachtree pro accounting keeps you on top of your company's assets at all times. peachtree will not only automatically update your inventory after you invoice your customers or purchase new stock from vendors it will also let you track extensive detail on each of your inventory items such as price levels tax types weight cost method item type and more. robust reporting tools with peachtree pro accounting you can easily compare your actual financials against a budget with a new easier way to create budgets. your new peachtree budgets look and act like a spreadsheet so you save time and avoid mistakes by not having to re-key budget data into other applications. peachtree pro accounting provides all the reporting and analysis tools you need to know at all times where your business stands. you can choose from over 100 reports -- and customize them to look the way you want them -- to better track forecast and budget your finances and get the information vital to your business's success and growth. peachtree's financial manager function can help you to get an instant snapshot view of your business's overall financial performance. you can review such popular ratios as cost of sales profit margins and more as well as up-to-the-minute balances on cash accounts receivable and other vital information. and you can quickly and easily perform what if analyses to understand the impact of changing business conditions with the peachtree cash manager. time-saving at-a-glance features by giving you all the tools you need to gather your company's information into one place you'll manage your business better than ever. you'll be able to find view drill down print and e-mail the precise information you need. you can even quickly create mass mailings or e-mail blitzes and other notifications such as customer newsletters thank you notes and more from the contact information and transaction information that's contained in your peachtree database. in short there's no limit to the ways that peachtree pro accounting will help you keep track of every aspect of your business thereby improving your cash flow and bottom line. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sage software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1269 COL r_rtable.description VAL peachtree premium accounting 2007 is a comprehensive solution that provides advanced accounting features like progress billing company consolidations and serialized inventory. its multi-user option can improve productivity while providing ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 717 COL l_ltable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! product information ares rising is a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. a branching storyline allows you to chart various courses to success and to replay the game in many different ways. you take responsibility for making alliances purchasing equipment and ultimately tipping the balance of power. ares rising brings together the best strategy combat resource allocation and story telling elements to enable a degree of player freedom rarely achieved. product features multiplayer action with head-to-head and team death match modes. persistent characters allow you to build power reputation and prestige through multiple game sessions. a combination of dog-fighting and strategic combat where proper consideration of advanced tactics and technologies count as much as hot dog piloting. choose from a wide range of devastating tactical weapons including cloaks auto-turrets beam weapons nuclear warheads sensor drones and ship decoys to name a few. all ai pilots work in wingmen groups. employing squadron tactics and complex maneuvers will give you a distinct advantage. system requirements windows 95 98 me only (not xp compatible) pentium 133mhz processor windows 95 with directx 5.0 (included) 16mb of ram 150mb hard drive space 2x cd-rom drive directx certified sound and video card microsoft or 100% compatible mouse recommended requirments pentium 200mhz or higher or k6 3d 32mb of ram 200mb hard drive space 12x cd-rom drive d3d supporting video card with graphics acceleration digital audio compatible sound card joystick please note: the product you are viewing is an older version that is currently in demand and a valuabl COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL interplay 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2894 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 8 COL l_ltable.description VAL webexpress (win 95 98) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL ingram micro 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1189 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 8 COL l_ltable.description VAL webexpress (win 95 98) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL ingram micro 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 848 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 652 COL l_ltable.description VAL vegas 6 combines real-time sd dv and hdv video editing with powerful audio tools for producing the high-quality results a professional would expect. this all-in-one environment mixes high-definition and high-fidelity for creative thinkers and editing professionals. the software delivers tremendous power incredible speed and maximum productivity in an uncomplicated efficient platform. over 30 customizable real-time audio effects including eq reverb delay and more new vst plug-in effects support -- expand your audio processing and mixing options new project nesting adds a vegas project to the timeline -- edit and apply effects COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony pictures digital entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3141 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: simple to use import photos rate favorite photos many edit options share photos show me how tutorials ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1147 COL l_ltable.description VAL our most popular selling product the pro edition is designed for the professional filmmaker. everything is at your fingertips including a full contact manager complete budgeting and scheduling locations film festivals and more. the best thing about gorilla is that it is simple. other budgeting and scheduling programs are complex convoluted and hard to navigate through. gorilla has a simple menu-driven interface and is very easy to learn. ...and it's not only budgeting and scheduling. take a closer look at all the features this program has to offer. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL jungle software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2075 COL r_rtable.description VAL featuring ez play today notation. turbo music (software). general midi software. book & disk package. 9x12 inches. 48 pages. published by turbo music. you're the star! packs include fully-orchestrated accompaniments on disk for each song in the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 940 COL l_ltable.description VAL monopoly 3 brings the best-selling board game to the pc with fresh new features and gameplay that has captivated generations. featuring cleverly animated tokens bright 3d graphics and the choice of 10 different major city gameboards plus the classic gameboard. compete with up to six players or wheel and deal over the internet. (internet play requires optional fee.) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3141 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: simple to use import photos rate favorite photos many edit options share photos show me how tutorials ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 928 COL l_ltable.description VAL the windows vista home basic upgrade dvd-rom offers search and organize innovations as well as improved networking opportunities. windows vista home basic is the edition of windows vista for users with the most basic computing needs. the features in this user-friendly software also form the foundation of all of the other editions of windows vista including windows vista home premium and windows vista ultimate. windows sidebar gives you quick access to gadgets like picture slide shows windows media player controls or news headlines. you pick the gadgets you want to see in windows sidebar. view larger. use instant search to quickly find the information you need. view larger. compare windows vista editions. windows photo gallery gives you a whole new way to manage find and view your digital photos. view larger. manage your schedule sync up with other calendars and make sure you never miss another appointment using windows calendar. view larger. windows mail includes features that help you minimize the annoyances and risks associated with using e-mail while enjoying the benefits of staying in touch with others. view larger. update eligibility you can upgrade from your current edition of microsoft windows xp or windows 2000 (including windows xp professional windows xp home windows xp media center windows xp tablet pc windows xp professional x64 windows 2000) to a corresponding or better edition of windows vista by purchasing and installing this upgrade copy of windows vista. depending on which edition of windows you are running and the edition of windows vista you would like to install you have two options for the installation process: you can upgrade in-place which means you can install windows vista and retain your applications files and settings as they were in your previous edition of windows or you can do a clean install. if you are currently using windows 2000 professional or windows xp professional x64 you are eligible for an upgrade copy to a corresponding or better edition of windows vista but a clean install is required. for versions of windows earlier than windows 2000 upgrade copies are not available. these earlier versions of windows require you to install a full copy of windows vista. breakthrough windows vista experience designed to help you feel confident in your ability to view find and organize information and to control your computing experience all editions of windows vista introduce a breakthrough user experience. the visual sophistication of windows vista helps streamline your computing experience by refining common window elements so you can better focus on the content on the screen rather than on how to access it. the desktop experience is more informative intuitive and helpful. and new tools bring better clarity to the information on your computer so you can see what your files contain without opening them find applications and files instantly navigate efficiently among open windows and use wizards and dialog boxes more confidently. secure and effective windows vista home basic helps people use their pcs securely and reliably makes it simple to stay better connected and like all of the editions of windows vista is compatible with the widest range of software devices and services that people use and trust every day. for those who simply want to use their pc to surf the internet correspond with friends and family using email or perform basic document creation and editing tasks windows vista home basic delivers a safer more reliable and more effective computing environment. more productivity windows vista home basic helps encourage better personal productivity while providing digital entertainment on your pc through its improved reliability security and performance. it also helps you to accomplish tasks faster with a rich new interface and innovative ways to organize and find the information stored on your pc. safer and more reliable specifically designed to be the safest operating system microsoft has ever delivered windows vista home basic frees you from worry about the safety and security of your time on the computer. in fact every edition of windows vista including windows vista home basic provides the essential tools and technologies to help protect you whether you are browsing the internet connecting to a wireless network or just reading e-mail. in addition windows vista home basic includes innovative tools that warn you of impending hardware failures long before you have lost any important personal data. additionally this system comes equipped with up-to-date parental control features that allow you to manage and monitor your family's use of games the internet instant messaging and other activities on your pc that might concern you as a parent. easy set-up and operation as with all of other editions of windows vista windows vista home basic makes your pc significantly easier to use thanks to helpful tools that let you painlessly move your personal files and settings from your old pc to your new windows vista-based pc. additionally windows vista home basic integrates new search tools throughout the operating system to help you quickly find the precise file or program you need. even if your existing pc seems to be adequate for basic tasks such as reading e-mail and browsing the web by upgrading your pc to windows vista home basic or by purchasing a new pc installed with this software you will benefit from a better computing experience and more peace of mind. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2217 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: easy to set up and use improved reliability added security parental controls ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 370 COL l_ltable.description VAL allegro 2005 provides professional-grade instrument sounds terrific marching percussion and more options for getting music on the page. human playback adds dynamics and phrasing to your music making it sound the way you'd like to hear it performed. add two- and three-voice harmonies to your melodies and include multiple drum grooves and styles automatically. allegro can also play back via your midi device or through the included smartmusic soundfont. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL makemusic! 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1538 COL r_rtable.description VAL customize over 95 reports and create monthly budgets with bookkeeper 2007. create general ledger financial statements banking payroll accounts payable and receivable reports. import vendor customer and product information in a variety of ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1119 COL l_ltable.description VAL prey is a groundbreaking first-person shooter that turns the genre upside-down with new gameplay features and next generation graphics. breaking the traditional first-person shooter format prey introduces innovative gameplay elements including wall-walking portals spirit-walking and gravity flipping which allows for insane eight player deathmatches. prey tells the story of tommy a cherokee garage mechanic stuck on a reservation and going nowhere. his life changes when an otherworldly crisis forces him to awaken spiritual powers from his long-forgotten birthright. abducted along with his people to a menacing mothership orbiting earth he sets out to save himself and his girlfriend and ultimately his planet. multiplayer ­ multiplayer games take complete advantage of the unique gameplay styles of prey as players walk on the ceilings and walls while the map¹s gravity flips from side to side note - may require advanced video processing capabilities on your mac computer COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1243 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1081 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony media software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1172 COL r_rtable.description VAL photostamps lets you turn your favorite photos into real us postage. now you can capture your special moments on real us postage. show off your family. highlight a special event. introduce a new arrival. give your pets the exposure they deserve. ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1039 COL l_ltable.description VAL instant immersion german audio (audio book) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 310 COL r_rtable.description VAL topics entertainment instant immersion 33 languages with the step-by-step instruction in 33 native tongues making up instant immersion 33 languages your only dilemma is deciding which language you want to speak first! windows mac & xp pc COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 209 COL l_ltable.description VAL word 2004 has innovative new features that give your personal or business documents the right look every time. enjoy the latest tools and advancements of the most popular word processor around. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 639 COL r_rtable.description VAL microsoft word 2007 helps you build professional-looking documents with ease. its new editing and layout tools and streamlined user interface mean you will spend more time writing and less time formatting documents. there is a wider choice of ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1029 COL l_ltable.description VAL more brain games combines entertainment with mental stimulation for people of all ages who want to play brain challenging games. you'll never get tired of the challenge these games can offer -- and solving them can provide a sense of accomplishment and well-being. it's a great time for the casual gamer that's looking for both fun and intellectual benefits from gaming. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL csdc 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 46 COL r_rtable.description VAL turn a deck of cards into 18 games of hours of fun! enjoy the classic card games from bridge canasta euchre and solitaire to spades gin rummy go fish and so many more! included free is a friday night poker cd with 13 additional games and two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 182 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1462 COL r_rtable.description VAL overview the leader in typing tutorial software for 10 years running mavis beacon teaches typing 16 delivers the customized training you need in a motivating engaging format. work at your own pace with lesson content that keeps you interested. ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1314 COL l_ltable.description VAL first person shooter offers fast paced 2d and 3d action as you kill terrorists bent on destruction / esrb m mature (blood violence) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1022 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 90 COL l_ltable.description VAL a rich and intriguing adventure in a&nbsp; world where murders are committed according to ancestral mystic beliefs...where nothing will be the same again. product informationa frightening ritualistic murder has taken place in an upscale hotel COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1189 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 467 COL l_ltable.description VAL with something for everyone in your home microsoft works suite 2006 is the ideal combination of six great software titles in one affordable package. microsoft works suite 2006 includes a full version of microsoft word 2002 along with easy-to-use tools for getting organized tracking personal finances planning trips editing and sharing digital photos and interactive learning. in addition to word works suite 2006 includes works 8 money 2006 digital image 2006 encarta encyclopedia 2006 and streets and trips essentials 2006. get everything you need to get things done using your home pc in one package with works suite 2006. whether you're paying bills online or fixing the red-eye in your vacation pictures you can easily find what you need to complete the task. manage your photos plan a trip or make cards. there's something for everyone. getting things done get everything you need to get things done using your home pc in one package with works suite 2006. keep track of budgets research school reports and write them up with automatic spelling and grammar checking. it's a snap to keep everyone in the family in step and informed of the others' activities with powerful organization tools. with works suite 2006 you can create professional-looking letters resumes and school assignments with microsoft word the world's best-selling word-processing software. a versatile calendar and address book helps you manage your household schedule and contacts. with a works spreadsheet you can make calculations create lists and manage inventories. to help you stay on top of day-to-day finances money 2006 can consolidate all your personal account information in one place and even help you to pay bills online and update account balances. when you're ready to hit the road for a family vacation streets and trips 2006 will give you all the tools you need to customize road trips cross-town or cross-country. digital image standard 2006 provides your family with the easy-to-use tools you need to organize enhance and share your digital photos. and with the best-selling multimedia encyclopedia encarta you will always have accurate relevant and age-appropriate information at your fingertips. easy to use microsoft knows that you have better things to do with your time than to learn how to use complicated and time-consuming applications. that's why the applications that are included with works suite 2006 have been designed to make your tasks not only easy to accomplish but enjoyable as well. so whether you're paying bills online or fixing the red-eye in your vacation pictures you can easily find what you need to complete the task. everything you need is located in one place; even complex projects like organizing family get-togethers become fun to do and easily manageable. quickly find and launch programs and projects in one place with the works task launcher and get up and running quickly with the works quick tour. easy-to-use works templates and projects help to take the stress out of managing anything from a weekend getaway to home improvements while organizing and finding photos is quicker and easier with improved file management and viewing functionality. you and your family will discover endless uses in the six great titles included in microsoft works suite 2006. if you are planning a long road trip exploring the possibilities of digital photography or keeping track of your cd collection you'll find something to make the project trouble-free. everyone in the family will find something to love in works suite 2006. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 245 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: g3 mac os x compatible. mac os x version 10.2 or later. 128 mb of ram. 196 mb of available hard disk space for a default installation; the hard-disk space requirement varies according to the components you choose to install and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 363 COL l_ltable.description VAL iwork '06 features two powerful applications for creating everything from school newsletters to business presentations. with pages 2 you can quickly create a wide variety of stunning documents. with keynote 3 you can produce cinema-quality presentations storyboards and more. iwork '06 lets you express yourself with style. pages 2 helps you create stunning documents quickly and easily. choose from beautiful document templates. reviewer comments make it easy to collaborate. pages 2 introducing pages 2. thanks to new text and image editing tools it's the easiest way to look good in print. use apple-designed templates to build stunning documents in minutes. quickly add photos with the built-in ilife media browser. format your text in minutes with elegant predefined styles. add punch to your page with multiple columns self-calculating tables and engaging 3d charts. add modern design -- start with a template in pages 2 and your document is halfway to gorgeous. choose from 25 new templates including posters flyers scrapbooks folding cards technical reports business invoices proposals screenplays and storyboards. top the charts -- pages 2 lets you add beautifully designed 3d charts to any document. edit your chart then position it perfectly using the 3d rotation wheel. from there you can add even more depth and realism by applying multiple lighting styles angles reflections and shadows. get in shape -- explore your options with curves shapes and masks in pages 2. choose from new shapes insert the one you like best then customize it by adding points or sides. you can even create custom shapes using new bezier curves. when you're done creating the perfect shape you can use it to mask any photo in your document. put it on the table -- leave it to pages 2 to make mere tables more interesting. add text graphics and photos to tables then get ready to do the math: tables in pages 2 let you perform spreadsheet-style calculations without ever leaving your document -- a perfect solution for adding numbers late in the game. sign seal deliver -- never again fear the mail merge. pages 2 boasts seamless integration with mac os x address book so creating personalized documents for individuals or groups is suddenly simple. stationery templates offer predefined address book links: all you do is drag in contacts and pages automatically personalizes your documents to match. thank you notes -- with new reviewer comments in pages 2 you can take notes. type reminders to-dos or revision notes right on your document. every comment you make appears in a handy sidebar that won't affect layout or pagination. plus you can easily hide comments so they won't clutter up your document and keep you from the important business of writing editing and printing. keynote 3 offers the easiest way to create stunning presentations. choose from beautiful presentation templates. wow your audience with beautiful transitions and effects. keynote 3 grab and hold your audience's attention with keynote 3 the latest generation of apple's stunning presentation software. perhaps you'd like to make a business proposal. highlight the quarter's results for investors. dazzle viewers with your photos of the southwest. whatever your story make it into an exquisite presentation with laser-sharp graphics. captivate any audience -- transitions and effects in keynote 3 help you build cinema-quality presentations. new transitions give you more choices for transporting your audience from slide to slide flexible text animation puts your words in the spotlight and interleaved builds offer additional options for every element in your slides. enjoy variations on a theme -- themes in keynote 3 include everything you need to maintain a consistent look and feel throughout your presentation. keynote 3 offers eye-popping new hd themes ideal for high-definition displays (1920x1080 resolution) as well as new themes for standard-definition displays. plus themes now include a coordinated set of textures and colors designed for 3d charts and master slides with bulleted text in multiple columns. shape your slides -- add some artistic influence to your presentation thanks to 10 different shapes in keynote 3. choose from stars and polygons then customize your shapes by adding points and sides. and if you can't find the perfect shape new bezier curves let you personalize existing shapes or create your own from scratch. when you're done shaping up you can easily mask a photo using any standard or custom shape. you can compute -- with room for text graphics and photos tables in keynote 3 let you perform simple spreadsheet-style calculations without leaving your slide. that means you can change your presentation on a dime -- even if final data arrives late. duly noted -- note to self: let keynote 3 help you organize your thoughts with new reviewer comments. leave yourself presentation pointers jot down a list or two even incorporate feedback from rehearsals. these handy comments behave like sticky notes so they're easy to write edit and move around on your slides. plus they disappear in presentation mode keeping everything clutter-free. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 235 COL r_rtable.description VAL nan COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 180 COL l_ltable.description VAL i copy dvds2 standard edition is the latest product from me too software that allows you to make high quality back up copies of any dvd movie. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL me too software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 338 COL r_rtable.description VAL covers what the basic beginner needs to know about playing the drums. step-by-step video lessons and a guide to reading music! the interactive guide will show you how to get started from selecting the right drum set to playing beats and rolls that ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 393 COL l_ltable.description VAL obscure takes the survival-horror gaming you love and sets it in a teenage horror film. tortured screams echo through leafmore high's deserted corridors. faceless creatures lurk in the shadows. five teenagers set out to bring light into the darkness - and experience a night that will scar their souls forever. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 239 COL r_rtable.description VAL enemy tanks have broken the lines and captured a city of strategic importance. your mission as an anti-tank cannon commander is to repel the occupiers and reclaim the city! the freedom of the city and all of its inhabitants depends on you! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 396 COL l_ltable.description VAL with apple's garageband jam pack: remix tools you can create your own club grooves. this complete set of beats bass lines synth hooks and keyboard riffs is perfect for creating the sounds that get butts shaking on the dance floor. whether you're into hip-hop or house r&b or trance jam pack: remix tools gives you everything you need to create songs that make people move. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2559 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements requires garageband (installed with ilife '04 or '05)* logic express 7 or logic pro 7. soundtrack supports loops only in jam packs. macintosh computer with g3 600mhz processor or higher to use apple loops (g4 or g5 required for ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 855 COL l_ltable.description VAL click-popping frenzy!product informationthe pressure is on for you to pop the pieces before they fill up thescreen! how fast can you click and find those combos? incredible fast-pacedmind-popping fun! multiple game variations keep this classic fun fresh a COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL selectsoft publishing 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 655 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. edius pro software can be upgraded to edius broadcast at any time. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL canopus/grass valley 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 576 COL l_ltable.description VAL with computrace lojack for laptops you'll be able to track a stolen laptop anywhere! every 53 seconds a laptop is stolen - this recovery service enables law enforcement to recover stolen laptops the minute thieves go online. you'll have information on your laptop's wherabouts as soon as it goes missing. protect your computer today with lojack for laptops. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL absolute software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2575 COL r_rtable.description VAL refuse to be a victim of crime: fact: your laptop has a 1 in 10 chance of being lost or stolen this year. fact: according to fbi estimates the second most common crime just after identity theft is laptop theft. each year 2 million notebook ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 496 COL l_ltable.description VAL with digital vault you have the safety and secuirty you need for more confident web surfing. don't worry about snoopers or identity thieves taking your personal information -- this software will have it under lock and key. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL stompsoft inc. 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1613 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: mac os x v10.3.9 or later 1ghz g4/g4/intel mac 256 mb ram 1 gb hd space 32 mb vram internet connection (for net play) COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1245 COL l_ltable.description VAL tell your story with maximum impact using adobe premiere pro cs3 software the start-to-finish solution for efficient video production that now includes adobe encore cs3 and adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only) formerly the award-winning dv rack hd. save time from on-set capture using adobe onlocation through to output expand your creative options via integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop and deliver your content to dvd blu-ray disc the web and mobile devices. the powerful editing finishing and delivery tools in adobe premiere pro are now available on both mac and windows operating systems. maintain control of your media with multiple project panels customizable panel display settings and instant file searches. export adobe encore cs3 projects as dvd blu-ray disc or flash. when you export as flash encore generates html flv and swf files that provide dvd-style chapter selection playback and interactivity through the flash player. capture edit and deliver to video dvd and the web adobe premiere pro cs3 software available for both mac and windows streamlines the entire video production process from direct-to-disk recording through editing to final delivery for tape disc the web and mobile devices. adobe premiere pro cs3 redefines productivity and flexibility for capturing editing and delivering video content. video professionals want to concentrate on storytelling--not on the nuts and bolts of production--and adobe premiere pro cs3 frees you to focus on telling your story. maximize image quality and work faster during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 software (requires windows and boot camp for mac ) included with adobe premiere pro to calibrate cameras monitor video signals and record directly to disk--all during the shoot. edit every major video format from dv to hd and beyond with adobe premiere pro cs3. improve efficiency and creativity with new workflow and new visual effects features. save time and expand creative options through tight integration with other adobe software including adobe after effects cs3 and adobe photoshop cs3. adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you author once and then output to blu-ray disc dvd and flash swf for the web. adobe premiere pro supports additional delivery platforms including flash and mobile devices letting you reach the widest audience possible. audience benefit corporate and government video producers--adobe premiere pro cs3 provides the tools you need to ensure excellent production values while working quickly to stay on schedule. edit with precise control add stunning effects and move content smoothly to adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop for even more creative control. streamline the review process with adobe clip notes and output to multiple formats quickly and easily to reach more people everywhere. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you communicate with high-quality video and imagery even with tight budgets and looming deadlines. event videographers--small crews and tight deadlines mean you need to work fast even while clients demand higher and higher production values. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you capture events directly to disc with included adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only); work fast with precision editing tools including support for editing multicam shots; create compelling effects via tight integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop cs3; and use the included copy of adobe encore cs3 to deliver content however your clients need it whether on dvd blu-ray disc the web or mobile devices. independent filmmakers--your passion is storytelling. your challenge is finding the right software to handle every aspect of the production process and deliver hollywood-quality imagery. adobe premiere pro cs3 meets this need with a complete toolset for capturing footage direct-to-disc editing imagery and creating titles in post-production producing dvds and delivering web-ready content to promote your films on the internet. and with the included video workshop and training materials you'll have help through every stage of production. post-production boutiques--enjoy advanced editing tools as well as the uncompromised image quality and real-time performance you need in professional broadcast and film post-production. work with all major formats enjoy powerful effects and media management tools get unparalleled integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop software and increase efficiency with workflow enhancements such as adobe clip notes. with adobe premiere pro cs3 and adobe encore cs3 you can deliver your work in the format your client needs from adobe flash video through dvd and blu-ray disc to uncompressed hd. educators and students--adobe premiere pro cs3 offers a complete set of post-production tools that let you handle all aspects of filmmaking and post-production cost effectively from capturing and editing footage to creating titles dvds and promotional materials such as websites that feature video content. use flexible tools to express your creativity work with any file format on both windows and macintosh platforms and deliver your work across multiple media. what's new in adobe premiere pro cs3k dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. high-quality slow motion with time remapping create dramatic slow- and fast-motion effects without exporting clips to another application. with precise keyframe control real-time feedback and excellent quality from advanced frame blending you can slow things down without compromising quality. or generate even better in-between frames through pixel-motion analysis with the timewarp effect. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only) save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. adobe encore cs3 projects for the web with one click easily create adobe flash versions of your dvd and blu-ray disc projects for the web. use adobe encore cs3 to create flash content complete with dvd interactivity and menus without learning flash programming. multiple project windows with smart file search find files faster with search tools that instantly update their results list as you type. sort and organize assets into multiple project windows each with its own graphical or text view setting. display and handle media files making project management easier and more efficient. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. create stunning slow-motion and other retiming effects directly in the timeline by setting and moving time remapping keyframe markers. improve the look of your video with the three-way color corrector and the other precision color-correction tools in adobe premiere pro. improved editing efficiency work faster with powerful and flexible editing tools. play video with nested audio sequences in real time without rendering. replace any clip in the timeline with a new clip while preserving the replaced clip's editing attributes and settings. use shortcuts to switch between workspace panels and save time. output for mobile devices make your video viewable on the latest delivery platforms. encode video for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and simulate playback on those devices to check video quality. download profile updates to simulate the latest devices. flash video export with markers converted to cue points encode video and audio for flash projects and web playback with direct flash video (flv) export. adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline markers become flash cue points that trigger interactivity and navigation. create flash video with ease. improve efficiency and incorporate a tapeless workflow during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3* to monitor your camera's video signal and record it directly to a computer hard drive. the multi-camera window makes editing action recorded with several cameras or in multiple takes as easy as pointing and clicking. additional features efficient tools for creative editing create high-quality visual and editorial effects directly within the editing timeline. generate slow motion and other time-remapping effects with precise keyframe control and real-time feedback. add color correction lighting and other effects audio filters and more with fast flexible and built-in tools. edit footage from multicam shoots with ease and precision. comprehensive video format compatibility work with the formats you want. edit all standard- or high-definition formats from dv through hdv to hd and beyond (some formats may require additional hardware). broad range of supporting hardware and software for mac and windows choose from a wide range of mac and windows workstations and capture cards to build the editing system that exactly meets your needs and budget. enhance your system with additional plug-ins including many from adobe after effects software. dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. superior integration with other adobe applications make the leading still and motion graphics applications adobe photoshop and after effects part of an efficient post-production workflow. import and animate photoshop layers. automatically create photoshop files that match the current project's frame size and aspect ratio. drag and drop or copy and paste clips and timelines between adobe premiere pro cs3 and after effects cs3 professional. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only) save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. delivery to the web and mobile devices make your video viewable on today's and tomorrow's delivery platforms. export as adobe flash video (flv). easily convert dvd projects complete with menus to flash swf files for web playback. encode for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and emulate playback on those devices to check playback quality. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. multicam editing view multiple video tracks from a multiple-camera shoot easily sync via timecode and edit by switching between tracks in real time. rerecord sections of your edit make fine adjustments using all the standard timeline editing tools and easily adjust color correction across multiple shots even after editing. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. mac os x compatibility use adobe premiere pro cs3 on the latest intel based macintosh computers. aaf and edl import/export exchange project metadata with major video film and audio applications via industry-standard advanced authoring format (aaf) aaf with edit protocol and edit decision list (edl) files (aaf import/export for windows only). comprehensive vtr support control video decks through rs-422 and rs-232 serial protocols or firewire for precise batch capturing recapturing and insert editing. file management with adobe bridge work more efficiently by using adobe bridge cs3 to search for and access your project files preview and apply settings run batch processes and tag assets with xmp metadata. * for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires boot camp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows based computer. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2074 COL r_rtable.description VAL bring your home videos to life! adobe premiere element 3.0 software makes creating and sharing impressive home videos a snap. burn your footage to dvd in two simple steps complete with a dvd menu and scene index or easily assemble your movie by rea COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 276 COL l_ltable.description VAL crusader kings is a unique historical role-player that puts you into a feudal society fraught with dangers. travel to medieval europe between 1066 and 1419 a.d. -- here you will build a dynasty. gain wealth and favor from the nobles while earning prestige and piety. unlike other strategy games the goal here is not to expand your territory but to expand your reputation. use everything from diplomacy to warfare to create a respected royal line. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL atari 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 97 COL r_rtable.description VAL un-chain your mind with chainz a challenging puzzle game of colorful logic. rotate links to form chains of matching colors. set up chain reactions and incorporate bonus links for big rewards. you can play at your own pace or try and beat the clock! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 287 COL l_ltable.description VAL don't wait until the last minute - take time to do your living trust today! living trust builder gives you the mechanisms and sound planning advice that can save you from paying estate taxes gift taxes and probate fees. includes documents to get you started right away! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL jian inc. 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3208 COL r_rtable.description VAL don't wait until the last minute - take time to do your living trust today! living trust builder gives you the mechanisms and sound planning advice that can save you from paying estate taxes gift taxes and probate fees. includes documents to get ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 757 COL l_ltable.description VAL apple's remote desktop 3: unlimited managed systems has the power to simplify administrative tasks and make managing networked mac os x systems easy and efficient. this new version has even more options for distributing software automating common tasks and providing remote assistance to your organization. the remote spotlight search gives you an instant at-a-glance view of the remote computers in your network. automator actions use third-party actions to create your own custom workflows which you can then save and reuse as needed. to help get you started more than 30 automator actions have been included. the autoinstall feature of apple remote desktop 3 you can stage software to install on remote mobile or offline systems. just stage the software and when the computer is back on the network apple remote desktop will automatically update the system. other features are described below. special license for up to 10 managed systems. user history reports give you detailed information on who is using a computer when they logged in and out and how they accessed the computer smart computer lists track computers easily -- specify a set of rules based on 11 attributes; any computer that matches the rules you set automatically gets added to the list save frequently-used tasks as task templates that you can reuse whenever you need them over 30 sample unix scripts are included to help with setting desktop pictures time zone settings energy saving settings and more COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2747 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements mac os x v10.3.9 or later; some features require mac os x v10.4 ethernet (recommended) airport (802.11b/g) or ip over firewire network connection requires mac os x v10.4 tiger or later on client system. requires mac os x v10.4 ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 501 COL l_ltable.description VAL released back in 1999 the original rollercoaster tycoon took the gaming world by surprise managing to capture the attention of both hardcore gamers and casual novices alike. rollercoaster tycoon 3 not only contains all of the same charm and joy of the original but wraps it up in a spectacular three-dimensional package. you can now rotate the camera and zoom in and out which allows you to more clearly see where a new ride will be placed and exactly how it will fit in your park. the 3d rendering also shows height and depth which isn't just a superfluous change but really assists you when building custom attractions. who knew that constructing and running an amusement park could be so much fun? now for the first time you can build operate and attend the amusement park of your dreams in rollercoaster tycoon 3. take a front row seat on any of your rides and zoom along with a pal. view larger. and speaking of the pals -- they are completely personalized with unique facial expressions and behaviors. view larger. who knew that constructing and running an amusement park could be so much fun? view larger. rollercoaster tycoon 3 allows four modes of play: tutorial career sandbox and custom scenario. the tutorial mode lets you quickly learn and experiment with how to set up and make use of all the game elements. sandbox mode provides you with a large map and unlimited money and makes all the rides scenery shops and paths immediately available. this mode is great for just having fun and creating that super amusement park you've always wanted without worrying about game elements such as time limits. the custom scenario as the name suggests lets you set up your own rules and requirements using the game engine. you can share custom scenarios with friends or find ones that other people have created and posted online. the career mode that constitutes the main gameplay is a bit different than it has been in the past with three goal sets of increasing difficulty for each scenario. your job in career mode is to build the theme park of your dreams by accomplishing certain goals for each scenario. these goals can range from pleasing vips who like clean parks or coasters with certain excitement values to keeping a certain number of people referred to in the game as peeps in your park for a specific amount of time. your ultimate goal besides providing entertainment to all is to work your way from apprentice though entrepreneur and eventually reach the lofty heights of tycoon. rollercoaster tycoon 3 includes a host of nice-touch elements. there is a fireworks display as well as an editor that lets you customize your fireworks. you can add music that plays in time to certain rides or with your fireworks show. you can light up the night with a stunning park-wide lighting system or take in the breathtaking vistas as nature intended with realistic sunsets moonlight and more. there is even a coaster cam that puts you right in the action. you can take a front row seat on any of your rides and zoom along with a peep. (the camera does such an amazing job of showing you what your death spiral coaster feels like that you might not want to play until at least an hour after you've eaten.) and speaking of the pals -- they are completely personalized fully-animated individuals with unique facial expressions and behaviors. for example teenagers often run straight to the high-excitement level coasters while the younger kids like to stay on the more gentle rides and the older folks tend to complain and chase both sets of kids around. you can even create your own family members and friends and add them to your park where they will actually take pictures that will download directly to your my documents folder. there's also a lot of content to explore as rollercoaster tycoon 3 includes five separate themes including generic spooky western adventure and sci-fi. each theme has distinctive rides amusements and shops as well as animatronics and decorations. the game's sweeping variety lets you do virtually anything from setting up water rides that have mechanical great-white sharks lurching out of the water to creating a roller coaster straight out of your imagination. there are 18 distinct scenarios in the game with two that are only playable when unlocked. beating the apprentice level of difficulty on each of the initially unlocked scenarios will unlock a new scenario but you have to beat the much more difficult entrepreneur and tycoon settings on all the levels to unlock the final two scenarios. when it comes to the creative aspect of the game rollercoaster tycoon 3 will allow players to create some spectacular parks with a level of detail they're sure to love. if you were a fan of the first two versions you'll love this one. but if you never played the originals but love theme parks you owe it to yourself to give rollercoaster tycoon 3 a try. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1575 COL r_rtable.description VAL rollercoaster tycoon 3 is completely updated and redesigned to take the series to all-new heights. featuring overhauled 3d graphics and the exclusive new coaster cam you can now see your park from any angle and ride the coasters you build. from ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 123 COL l_ltable.description VAL cuteftp is an easy way to transfer files between your pc and remote computers. whether publishing a web page downloading the latest digital images music and software or transferring large files between your home and office cuteftp will get the job done. cuteftp's user-friendly interface conforms to microsoft windows xp and runs on microsoft's latest operating system. cuteftp streamlines your ftp transfers with faster startups quicker connections to ftp servers and improved site navigation logic. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL tri synergy 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2943 COL r_rtable.description VAL boostxp by allume - maximum pc performance! now anyone can keep their computer in peak condition! boost performance protect your pc clean-up clutter customize your pc. key benefits boost performance the most thorough way to tune-up your pc. improve ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1355 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL core learning 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 239 COL r_rtable.description VAL enemy tanks have broken the lines and captured a city of strategic importance. your mission as an anti-tank cannon commander is to repel the occupiers and reclaim the city! the freedom of the city and all of its inhabitants depends on you! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1029 COL l_ltable.description VAL more brain games combines entertainment with mental stimulation for people of all ages who want to play brain challenging games. you'll never get tired of the challenge these games can offer -- and solving them can provide a sense of accomplishment and well-being. it's a great time for the casual gamer that's looking for both fun and intellectual benefits from gaming. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL csdc 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 249 COL r_rtable.description VAL looking to buy a home? this user-friendly program will help guide you through the often nerve-wracking process of home financing. totally secure and self-contained this practical tutorial covers all the bases - from calculating how much house you ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 164 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 274 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 159 COL l_ltable.description VAL powerdirector 3 - it's everything you need to enhance your camcorder videos! turn simple home movies into high-quality productions with the suite of editing tools included here. svrt ii dv quickscan for faster scanning and rendering of digital video burn your recordings right to cd or dvd with the easy authoring program dolby digital & ac3 decoding support for better audio and even soundtracks COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL avanquest publishing usa inc. 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1614 COL r_rtable.description VAL super fast shipping - platinum reseller ratings - over 12 years in business COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1260 COL l_ltable.description VAL sound forge 9 is the industry standard for editing and production. create and edit stereo and multichannel audio files with speed and precision in the studio or in the field. the latest version is a complete audio production suite -- cd design effects processing and mastering tools. a host of new features will gives you total control of your audio - from multichannel audio recording and editing to dolby digital ac-3 encoding. acclaimed for its power stability and intuitive interface it's the fastest way to get from raw audio to finished master. automated time-based recording audio restoration tools spectrum analysis tools noise reduction 2.0 plug-ins drag and drop editing between channels hardware meters with output gain control phase and mono-compatibility meters multichannel-capable spectrum analysis disc-at-once cd burning batch processing and scripting; wave hammer mastering tools; acoustic mirror plug-ins dolby digital ac-3 support hardware meters with output gain control directx plug-in fx automation link to sony music studios internet mastering (sim) works with vista COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3169 COL r_rtable.description VAL a horrific ritualistic murder has taken place in an upscale hotel. enter gus macpherson a former american private detective now hired by a mysterious and sensuous woman sophia blake to find out who murdered her beloved sister and brother-in-law ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 65 COL l_ltable.description VAL halo takes you deep into the far future with the fate of humanity hanging on your shooting skills! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL macsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 169 COL r_rtable.description VAL moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertaining farming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at the general store. every decision you make could determine whether you bring home the bacon or get put out ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 624 COL l_ltable.description VAL stopzilla 4 offers real-time protection from spyware and adware. it's got the most advanced pop-up protection available and it also has integrated cookie cleaning and history removal. keep your pc security updated constantly with configurable alert warnings and automatic updates. make sure you always intercept unwanted intrusions and annoying online advertising. free 24/7 support via live chat email or toll free 800 number COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL roxio 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2499 COL r_rtable.description VAL all the important spelling skills your child needs taught in a fun style they'll love! / ages 5-9. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 717 COL l_ltable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! product information ares rising is a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. a branching storyline allows you to chart various courses to success and to replay the game in many different ways. you take responsibility for making alliances purchasing equipment and ultimately tipping the balance of power. ares rising brings together the best strategy combat resource allocation and story telling elements to enable a degree of player freedom rarely achieved. product features multiplayer action with head-to-head and team death match modes. persistent characters allow you to build power reputation and prestige through multiple game sessions. a combination of dog-fighting and strategic combat where proper consideration of advanced tactics and technologies count as much as hot dog piloting. choose from a wide range of devastating tactical weapons including cloaks auto-turrets beam weapons nuclear warheads sensor drones and ship decoys to name a few. all ai pilots work in wingmen groups. employing squadron tactics and complex maneuvers will give you a distinct advantage. system requirements windows 95 98 me only (not xp compatible) pentium 133mhz processor windows 95 with directx 5.0 (included) 16mb of ram 150mb hard drive space 2x cd-rom drive directx certified sound and video card microsoft or 100% compatible mouse recommended requirments pentium 200mhz or higher or k6 3d 32mb of ram 200mb hard drive space 12x cd-rom drive d3d supporting video card with graphics acceleration digital audio compatible sound card joystick please note: the product you are viewing is an older version that is currently in demand and a valuabl COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL interplay 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 57 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. providing a seamless realtime workflow supporting all video acquisition ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1262 COL l_ltable.description VAL the most comprehensive and easy-to-use program to keep your children safe while they surf the web. you control individual settings for each child. parental control software: keep your children safe from internet threats filter objectionable web content and record all websites that each child visits manage your child s computer and internet time schedule and limit chat game playing or other programs receive email reports for all monitored activities lockdown access to windows settings automatically log your child off at bedtime compatible with windows vista& 153; settings can be configured from any pc on your network system requirements: os: windows 2000 windows xp windows vista cpu: 133 mhz minimum memory: 128 mb ram disk: 5 mb format: win 98 me 2000 xp vista COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL webroot software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1291 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 925 COL l_ltable.description VAL office onenote 2007 is a digital notebook that provides one place to gather notes and information powerful search capabilities to find what you're looking for quickly and easy-to-use shared notebooks to help manage information overload and work with others more effectively. as an integrated part of the 2007 microsoft office system onenote 2007 makes it easy to gather organize find and share your notes and information more efficiently and effectively. powerful search capabilities can help you locate information from text within pictures or from spoken words in audio and video recordings. and easy-to-use collaborative tools help teams work together with all of this information in shared notebooks whether online or offline. plus the familiar look and feel of the microsoft office system makes it easy to start using the program right away minimizing wasted time and training costs. gather all of your information in office onenote 2007. view larger. gather and organize everything in one place with so much information coming your way--and in so many different forms--you need one place to keep it all and a tool that's flexible enough to capture it. otherwise information that could have been used to help make better decisions or make you more efficient is lost or difficult to find. unlike paper-based systems word processing programs e-mail systems or other productivity programs onenote 2007 delivers the flexibility to gather and organize text pictures digital handwriting audio and video recordings and more--all in one digital notebook on your computer. this software can help you become more productive by keeping the information you need at your fingertips and reducing time spent searching for information across e-mail messages paper notebooks file folders and printouts. save time by consolidating information taking notes on paper and transcribing them later can be time-consuming and difficult and you run the risk of losing important pages. in addition it's difficult to share data kept in a conventional paper notebook and they're only good for capturing one kind of information: handwritten notes. when it's time to gather information from other sources and in different ways other difficulties can arise. for instance because most people don't have a way of digitally capturing unstructured information they often print out web research and store information in file folders or on desks which is difficult to find later and inaccessible when you're away. and sharing information with others can be challenging--even when using e-mail it can be hard to hard to figure out what the plan is without reading through long e-mail threads that may or may not contain the information you need. onenote 2007 however gives you a solution with a flexible software program that enables you to gather virtually any type of information in one place. with your information readily available you can be more prepared and informed. quickly find what you need with onenote 2007 finding information is easy and fast because it eliminates the guesswork of figuring out where you stored critical information. no more clicking through file folders and sorting through pages of paper notebooks to find the information you're looking for. powerful search features give you the ability to locate information quickly while allowing you to search across new types of content like text in scanned documents or images and spoken words in audio and video recordings. with easier access to the facts you and your teammates can make better decisions. with office onenote 2007 your team can work together more effectively. view larger. protect your intellectual property onenote 2007 helps you consolidate various types of information--including freeform notes images documents files from other microsoft office system programs and rich media--and organize it in the way that works best for you. and because it keeps everything in one place you don't have to worry about frequently saving or creating backups of your information--onenote 2007 does this for you. ideal for businesses if you're attending an important meeting and don't want to rely on your memory simply take meeting notes in onenote 2007 to create a living repository of group decisions and brainstorming sessions that adds continuity and context to subsequent meetings. you can also catch all the details of customer calls and meetings by synchronizing typed or handwritten notes with office onenote 2007 audio and video recordings. if you're working outside of the office gather information on your microsoft windows mobile powered devices (including notes audio recordings and pictures) and transfer it to onenote 2007. and when it's time to share data with your colleagues take advantage of onenote 2007's export application programming interface to easily transfer information gathered in onenote 2007 to your company's business systems and in so doing reduce errors and wasted time spent rekeying the same information in different systems. need to copy paste or print information from and into other 2007 microsoft office system programs? it's no problem with onenote; this software lets you access and exchange information in word excel outlook and powerpoint. you can even use onenote 2007's drawing tools and tables to annotate and easily organize and manage information. find what you're looking for quickly using office onenote 2007. view larger. search and link options onenote 2007 lets you search and find keywords quickly within text in images and in audio recordings made within the application. you can also view hyperlinked search results in a summary task pane; a single click takes you to relevant results. for added convenience view all open notebooks at once use drag-and-drop functionality to easily arrange and rearrange your notes and add hyperlinks to other pages in your notebook to quickly find relevant content. manage tasks easily with two-way synchronization between onenote 2007 and the 2003 and 2007 versions of outlook or link notes and other information to specific outlook 2007 or outlook 2003 contacts to help you better prepare for meetings and recall information easily. if you want to underscore a particularly important point date or other piece of information mark notes with note tags visually rich icons that make it easier to return to reminders to-dos and other action items. work together more effectively with team members working from different locations and on multiple projects communication coordination and information sharing can challenge group effectiveness and productivity. teams often rely on e-mail messages to share information causing confusion and bloated e-mail inboxes. tasks action items agendas and issues stored within static documents or document management systems are difficult to update track and access and they prevent multiple people from working with the same information at the same time. onenote 2007 helps people work together better by eliminating roadblocks that arise when information is isolated in paper notes or file folders or on one person's computer. groups can share information easily work more productively and keep track of projects issues and goals more effectively. individuals can work together from the same notebook--whether online or offline--using shared notebooks. onenote2007 manages changes made to the same notebook eliminating the need to track versions or upload changes. you can also create a team knowledge base so that everyone has access to the same information helping to get new team members up to speed quickly and minimizing duplicate efforts. share notes even with non-onenote 2007 users by sending your notes as html so that anyone with an e-mail client or web browser can view them and stay in control of your information by choosing which notebooks to share with your teammates and which to keep private and help ensure privacy with password protection. you can even use onenote 2007 as a shared digital whiteboard enabling virtual teams to work together in real time viewing and editing the same set of notes. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 245 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: g3 mac os x compatible. mac os x version 10.2 or later. 128 mb of ram. 196 mb of available hard disk space for a default installation; the hard-disk space requirement varies according to the components you choose to install and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1271 COL l_ltable.description VAL mediarecover gives you the ability to recover files you were positively convinced were gone forever - even if you've deleted them. losing memories of vacations and fun times is bad enough but losing important business files can threaten your livelihood. you owe it to yourself to be prepared. mediarecover's 3-step recovery process ensures you can access your photos music and files when you need to! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aladdin systems 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 583 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements microsoft windows xp/vista or macintosh os x 10.3.9 or higher compatible card reader and sufficient free disk space for the files being recovered note: some cameras delete images by overwriting the contents. mediarecover will not ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 8 COL l_ltable.description VAL webexpress (win 95 98) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL ingram micro 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 169 COL r_rtable.description VAL moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertaining farming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at the general store. every decision you make could determine whether you bring home the bacon or get put out ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 731 COL l_ltable.description VAL the sims complete collection includes the sims and all seven expansion packs -- all in one convenient package. an entire world of sims awaits your quirky command. it's your neighborhood they're your sims and whether they prosper or perish is completely up to you! with the sims - unleashed you'll add a furry friend to your sims family. housebreak your pets train them to do tricks buy them toys and do your best to keep them from destroying the house! the sims - superstar lets you experience the lifestyles of the rich and famous and guide your sims to superstardom. become a movie star rocker or supermodel and spend your cash on extravagant new items for your home. in the sims - makin' magic you'll cast spells hypnotize friends and even turn a neighbor into a frog. but watch out spells can go haywire if you're not careful. the neighborhood will never be the same! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1055 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1233 COL l_ltable.description VAL macdrive 7 is the ultimate solution for sharing files between mac os and windows. there are no special steps and nothing new to learn -- just install macdrive and windows becomes a cross-platform file sharing powerhouse. once macdrive is installed you'll forget it's even there -- and wish you'd installed it sooner. it's perfect for graphic design audio video education digital photography publishing word processing cad/cam database administration and much more. macdrive 7 works with just about anything you can throw at it - hard drives cd-r/rw dvd rw/ r floppies ipods flash drives zip jaz mo dmg virtual disk files and more COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL mediafour corporation 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1027 COL r_rtable.description VAL act! 2007 is a contact and customer manager that helps you make contact build relationships and get results. act! enables you to instantly access key contact and customer information manage and prioritize activities and track all contact-related ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1227 COL l_ltable.description VAL enter the wild rough and tumble world of westward where adventure and untold fortunes await you. explore a huge playing environment and move up to 20 different levels. use quick wits to complete tasks like building homes farms water wells and more to keep your settlers fed housed and employed. if they don't like their situation your settlers will go elsewhere and your town will collapse! look for gold mines watch out for theivin' bandits and engage in dramatic shoot-outs. control the destiny of the west as you build thriving towns explore uncharted plains and guide your settlers to safety and success. features: more than 10 playable main characters customize your town and support an ever-expanding population buy sell and trade a variety of resources evolving and ever-changing scenarios provide many hours of playing fun COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1022 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1075 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL bling 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2486 COL r_rtable.description VAL minimum system requirements: operating system: mac os x 10.3.9 or later cpu processor: powerpc g5 or intel chipset cpu speed: 1.8 ghz memory: 512 mb or higher hard disk space: 2.5gb free disk space video card (ati): radeon 9600 video card (nvidia): ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 999 COL l_ltable.description VAL welcome to the funny farm!product information>moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertainingfarming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at thegeneral store. protect your sheep from wild wolves by keeping them COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL casual arcade 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1104 COL r_rtable.description VAL macbackup makes computer backup quick and easy! backup wizards are categorized to instantly backup everything on your computer or only your photos music and movies. easily store backups to virtually any kind of media: cd dvd zip disks network ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 646 COL l_ltable.description VAL quake 4 takes you back to the front as you fight against an unrelenting alien enemy. armed with advanced weaponry and vehicles and aided by an elite squad of marines you take the battle to the heart of the strogg home planet and become earth's only hope for victory. they're regrouping but with their planetary defenses ruined you have a chance to deliver a full and final assault. you are matthew kane an elite member of rhino squad and part of earth's next invasion wave. with the makron assumed dead your squad is taking part in an operation to take advantage of the disarray and mop up the rest of the enemy forces on the strogg planet. but your drop ship gets hit and comes down hard killing a large chunk of your squadmates at the opening of the game. from there you'll pull yourself up out of the muck and get down to business. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2891 COL r_rtable.description VAL professional and impressive!imprinted with your business name and address!guaranteed compatible with your quickbooks(r) and quickbooks for windows(r) software.neat and clean. no carbon to touch. runs easily and smoothly through your printer without ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 566 COL l_ltable.description VAL x-zoom movies on psp is the first commercial video & dvd software for the sony psp. it enables you to quickly convert your dvds or movie files into a format your psp can read and understand. get the best possible picture and audio quality for 10 different input formats: dvd (s)vcd divx avi wmv real mpeg and quicktime. over 10 presets make conversion easy and the fit-to-stick technology resizes movie files to your memory stick size. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL x-oom 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1850 COL r_rtable.description VAL mobile find plus 411 directory search delivers fast easy wireless access to residential and business listings maps and driving directions for your pocket pc palm(tm) or wireless phone - when and where you need it. find phone numbers and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 717 COL l_ltable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! product information ares rising is a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. a branching storyline allows you to chart various courses to success and to replay the game in many different ways. you take responsibility for making alliances purchasing equipment and ultimately tipping the balance of power. ares rising brings together the best strategy combat resource allocation and story telling elements to enable a degree of player freedom rarely achieved. product features multiplayer action with head-to-head and team death match modes. persistent characters allow you to build power reputation and prestige through multiple game sessions. a combination of dog-fighting and strategic combat where proper consideration of advanced tactics and technologies count as much as hot dog piloting. choose from a wide range of devastating tactical weapons including cloaks auto-turrets beam weapons nuclear warheads sensor drones and ship decoys to name a few. all ai pilots work in wingmen groups. employing squadron tactics and complex maneuvers will give you a distinct advantage. system requirements windows 95 98 me only (not xp compatible) pentium 133mhz processor windows 95 with directx 5.0 (included) 16mb of ram 150mb hard drive space 2x cd-rom drive directx certified sound and video card microsoft or 100% compatible mouse recommended requirments pentium 200mhz or higher or k6 3d 32mb of ram 200mb hard drive space 12x cd-rom drive d3d supporting video card with graphics acceleration digital audio compatible sound card joystick please note: the product you are viewing is an older version that is currently in demand and a valuabl COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL interplay 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 267 COL r_rtable.description VAL nan COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 123 COL l_ltable.description VAL cuteftp is an easy way to transfer files between your pc and remote computers. whether publishing a web page downloading the latest digital images music and software or transferring large files between your home and office cuteftp will get the job done. cuteftp's user-friendly interface conforms to microsoft windows xp and runs on microsoft's latest operating system. cuteftp streamlines your ftp transfers with faster startups quicker connections to ftp servers and improved site navigation logic. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL tri synergy 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1453 COL r_rtable.description VAL xoom movies on psp enables you to quickly convert your dvds or movie files into a format your psp can read and understand. get the best possible picture and audio quality for 10 different input formats: dvd (s)vcd divx avi wmv real mpeg quicktime ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1300 COL l_ltable.description VAL the ulead videostudio plus is video editing and dvd authoring software for anyone who wants to easily produce professional-looking videos slideshows and dvds. enjoy unique and powerful features including full hd dvd authoring avchd support dolby digital 5.1 surround sound and a full set of easy corrective and creative filters. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL corel 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 323 COL r_rtable.description VAL corel video studio 11 plus is consumer video editing and dvd authoring software that lets anyone do more with video. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL corel corporation 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1331 COL l_ltable.description VAL art text is an application to create high quality textual graphics headings logos icons web banners and buttons. the program implements the latest mac os x technologies which allow you to easily modify any texts and vector shapes into a fancy graphic. use the result with iwork microsoft office belight applications and other programs. create more compelling business presentations brochures flyers postcards business cards and web sites with the program. pre-designed styles shapes icon art images shading materials and other advanced visual effects make art text a powerful and intuitive program which is a great example of delivering mac os x technologies to everyone. not only professionals but anyone who wants to make his text work look attractive will find a use for the program. apply shadow and glow effects ability to combine text with background image bend text using 22 adjustable vector transformation shapes or bezier splines ability to export into a file or clipboard in tiff jpeg pdf png or other formats system requirements - mac os x 10.4 or later COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL belight software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2943 COL r_rtable.description VAL boostxp by allume - maximum pc performance! now anyone can keep their computer in peak condition! boost performance protect your pc clean-up clutter customize your pc. key benefits boost performance the most thorough way to tune-up your pc. improve ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 119 COL l_ltable.description VAL print shop 20 helps home artists expand their creative horizons and indulges their creative side! the complete creativity pakcage is here -- practically bursting with new tools nad options that help you create wonderful projects! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL broderbund 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1445 COL r_rtable.description VAL the print shop 22 is like having your own creative agency at home! includes over 250000 images and graphics plus more than 18000 project templates. endless new images tools colors projects and artistic effects give you the power to create ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 370 COL l_ltable.description VAL allegro 2005 provides professional-grade instrument sounds terrific marching percussion and more options for getting music on the page. human playback adds dynamics and phrasing to your music making it sound the way you'd like to hear it performed. add two- and three-voice harmonies to your melodies and include multiple drum grooves and styles automatically. allegro can also play back via your midi device or through the included smartmusic soundfont. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL makemusic! 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 235 COL r_rtable.description VAL nan COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 566 COL l_ltable.description VAL x-zoom movies on psp is the first commercial video & dvd software for the sony psp. it enables you to quickly convert your dvds or movie files into a format your psp can read and understand. get the best possible picture and audio quality for 10 different input formats: dvd (s)vcd divx avi wmv real mpeg and quicktime. over 10 presets make conversion easy and the fit-to-stick technology resizes movie files to your memory stick size. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL x-oom 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 655 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. edius pro software can be upgraded to edius broadcast at any time. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL canopus/grass valley 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 276 COL l_ltable.description VAL crusader kings is a unique historical role-player that puts you into a feudal society fraught with dangers. travel to medieval europe between 1066 and 1419 a.d. -- here you will build a dynasty. gain wealth and favor from the nobles while earning prestige and piety. unlike other strategy games the goal here is not to expand your territory but to expand your reputation. use everything from diplomacy to warfare to create a respected royal line. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL atari 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2499 COL r_rtable.description VAL all the important spelling skills your child needs taught in a fun style they'll love! / ages 5-9. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 717 COL l_ltable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! product information ares rising is a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. a branching storyline allows you to chart various courses to success and to replay the game in many different ways. you take responsibility for making alliances purchasing equipment and ultimately tipping the balance of power. ares rising brings together the best strategy combat resource allocation and story telling elements to enable a degree of player freedom rarely achieved. product features multiplayer action with head-to-head and team death match modes. persistent characters allow you to build power reputation and prestige through multiple game sessions. a combination of dog-fighting and strategic combat where proper consideration of advanced tactics and technologies count as much as hot dog piloting. choose from a wide range of devastating tactical weapons including cloaks auto-turrets beam weapons nuclear warheads sensor drones and ship decoys to name a few. all ai pilots work in wingmen groups. employing squadron tactics and complex maneuvers will give you a distinct advantage. system requirements windows 95 98 me only (not xp compatible) pentium 133mhz processor windows 95 with directx 5.0 (included) 16mb of ram 150mb hard drive space 2x cd-rom drive directx certified sound and video card microsoft or 100% compatible mouse recommended requirments pentium 200mhz or higher or k6 3d 32mb of ram 200mb hard drive space 12x cd-rom drive d3d supporting video card with graphics acceleration digital audio compatible sound card joystick please note: the product you are viewing is an older version that is currently in demand and a valuabl COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL interplay 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2721 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1227 COL l_ltable.description VAL enter the wild rough and tumble world of westward where adventure and untold fortunes await you. explore a huge playing environment and move up to 20 different levels. use quick wits to complete tasks like building homes farms water wells and more to keep your settlers fed housed and employed. if they don't like their situation your settlers will go elsewhere and your town will collapse! look for gold mines watch out for theivin' bandits and engage in dramatic shoot-outs. control the destiny of the west as you build thriving towns explore uncharted plains and guide your settlers to safety and success. features: more than 10 playable main characters customize your town and support an ever-expanding population buy sell and trade a variety of resources evolving and ever-changing scenarios provide many hours of playing fun COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2943 COL r_rtable.description VAL boostxp by allume - maximum pc performance! now anyone can keep their computer in peak condition! boost performance protect your pc clean-up clutter customize your pc. key benefits boost performance the most thorough way to tune-up your pc. improve ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 855 COL l_ltable.description VAL click-popping frenzy!product informationthe pressure is on for you to pop the pieces before they fill up thescreen! how fast can you click and find those combos? incredible fast-pacedmind-popping fun! multiple game variations keep this classic fun fresh a COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL selectsoft publishing 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 827 COL r_rtable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 566 COL l_ltable.description VAL x-zoom movies on psp is the first commercial video & dvd software for the sony psp. it enables you to quickly convert your dvds or movie files into a format your psp can read and understand. get the best possible picture and audio quality for 10 different input formats: dvd (s)vcd divx avi wmv real mpeg and quicktime. over 10 presets make conversion easy and the fit-to-stick technology resizes movie files to your memory stick size. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL x-oom 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2721 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 870 COL l_ltable.description VAL quicken 2007 lets you track all your financial information and make the right spending decisions. you'll have all you need to know about your financial status right at your fingertips and make informed choices in minutes. quicken basic works just like your checkbook so it's easy to get started. you'll be able to see your complete financial picture in minutes! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL intuit 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1972 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: requires the full version of the sims 2 for mac os x to play operating system: mac os x 10.3.9 or later cpu processor: powerpc g4/g5 or intel chipset cpu speed: 1.2ghz or faster memory: 256 mb or higher (512 mb recommended) hard ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 168 COL l_ltable.description VAL this is the eagerly anticipated universal binary version of techtool pro that will run on both intel and powerpc-based macs. it fully supports the hardware changes introduced to the macintosh platform with the introduction of the new macintel chipsets. all of the features of the program that were previously available for powerpc based macs are available for intel-based macs as well. this includes the innovative edrive (emergency startup partition) feature of the program found nowhere else. in addition to universal binary support the new release will also include some significant program enhancements including improved disk controller test routines. unlike most application software more than a simple re-compile of the program was required to support the new intel-based macs. because techtool pro works with the computer hardware at the lowest levels it was necessary for micromat to completely re-engineer the software from the ground up. in order to support the new models mac os x 10.4 (tiger) is required to run the program. techtool pro ships on dvd for both powerpc and intel-based macs. the dvd will automatically boot the correct system version. no product comes close to techtool pro for ensuring that all of your hardware and software is operating at peak performance. no other software gives you the peace of mind that comes from knowing that your valuable data is protected by the latest technology. with a single mouse click techtool pro can automatically run a series of sophisticated tests that will troubleshoot almost any problem you are having with your macintosh. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL micromat 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2774 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements macintosh powerpc g3 or greater. mac os x 10.4 or greater. dvd-rom drive. 512 mb ram or greater. product datasheet [pdf: 44kb] COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 159 COL l_ltable.description VAL powerdirector 3 - it's everything you need to enhance your camcorder videos! turn simple home movies into high-quality productions with the suite of editing tools included here. svrt ii dv quickscan for faster scanning and rendering of digital video burn your recordings right to cd or dvd with the easy authoring program dolby digital & ac3 decoding support for better audio and even soundtracks COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL avanquest publishing usa inc. 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 196 COL r_rtable.description VAL grass valley procoder 3 continues to provide high-speed high-quality video conversion between multiple formats incorporating the existing features and workflow options found in procoder 2.0 and adding several key new features including canopus hq ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 164 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 97 COL r_rtable.description VAL un-chain your mind with chainz a challenging puzzle game of colorful logic. rotate links to form chains of matching colors. set up chain reactions and incorporate bonus links for big rewards. you can play at your own pace or try and beat the clock! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 524 COL l_ltable.description VAL mavis beacon 17 standard (win 98 me 2000 xp/mac 10.2 or higher) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1462 COL r_rtable.description VAL overview the leader in typing tutorial software for 10 years running mavis beacon teaches typing 16 delivers the customized training you need in a motivating engaging format. work at your own pace with lesson content that keeps you interested. ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 893 COL l_ltable.description VAL world of warcraft pc COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL vivendi 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 808 COL r_rtable.description VAL the fascinating world of wild cats comes alive with this interactive cd-rom. dynamic video and dazzling illustrations take you on a virtual trek around the globe as you explore the lives behavior and natural habitats of our planet?s most ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 51 COL l_ltable.description VAL season ticket football 2003 is a new football simulation that doesn't just challenge your finger speed -- it challenges your mind! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL atari 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 661 COL r_rtable.description VAL experience the power of football ownership! designed to stimulate and challenge your mind season ticket football is the winning touchdown of football simulation games. put yourself in the coach's shoes as you lead your team to victory. no matter ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 488 COL l_ltable.description VAL sound forge audio studio 8 is the professional's choice for audio editing recording effects processing streaming content creation and more. these tools make it easy to record audio on your pc. just plug a microphone or instrument into your computer's sound card set your recording levels and click record. capture instruments vocals keyboards or just about anything that can be connected to your computer's sound card input.if you want to record music edit and restore audio create streaming media and burn songs to cd sound forge audio studio software is all you need. multiple effects - effects amplitude modulation chorus delay distortion dynamics flange/wah-wah noise gate and more track at once cd burning with drag-and-drop cd extraction simple dtmf/mf synthesis with sweep express fx vinyl restoration tool real-time loop tuning window record meters and record function video and media encoding support - windows media 9 realmedia 9 quicktime 6 mpeg-1 & 2 multiple timing tools -- absolute frames measures and beats smpte ebu/film sync and more tools for acid software - create your own loops assign root notes number of beats and tempo COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony pictures digital entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2090 COL r_rtable.description VAL sony media software sound forge audio studio 9. audio editing and production software sound forge audio studio software is the easiest way to record edit encode and master audio on your home computer. record live instruments vocals and more at the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 840 COL l_ltable.description VAL snap! kakuro (win 98 me xp) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1027 COL r_rtable.description VAL act! 2007 is a contact and customer manager that helps you make contact build relationships and get results. act! enables you to instantly access key contact and customer information manage and prioritize activities and track all contact-related ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 566 COL l_ltable.description VAL x-zoom movies on psp is the first commercial video & dvd software for the sony psp. it enables you to quickly convert your dvds or movie files into a format your psp can read and understand. get the best possible picture and audio quality for 10 different input formats: dvd (s)vcd divx avi wmv real mpeg and quicktime. over 10 presets make conversion easy and the fit-to-stick technology resizes movie files to your memory stick size. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL x-oom 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2836 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1000 COL l_ltable.description VAL enemy tanks have broken the lines and captured a city of strategic importance. your mission as an anti-tank cannon commander is to repel the occupiers and reclaim the city! the freedom of the city and all of its inhabitants depends on you! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL casual arcade 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1055 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 556 COL l_ltable.description VAL topics entertainment instant immersion french deluxe 2.0 you set the pace for learning with this series of personalized beginner intermediate and advanced programs. with entertaining instruction on 20 key lessons including vocabulary grammar and phonetics you will quickly start speaking reading and writing french windows pc only COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1174 COL r_rtable.description VAL is your message losing something in the translation? now you can communicate globally with instant immersion translator deluxe v2.0 the user-friendly suite of sophisticated language conversion tools custom-designed to meet all your translation ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 34 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL school zone 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1034 COL r_rtable.description VAL halo 2 continues the story of the master chief the genetically enhanced super-soldier who is the only human ever to successfully defy the covenant--a coalition of alien races on a murderous march toward earth. their defeat at the ancient halo ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1038 COL l_ltable.description VAL window washer (win 98 me 2000 xp) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL navarre (software) 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1243 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 576 COL l_ltable.description VAL with computrace lojack for laptops you'll be able to track a stolen laptop anywhere! every 53 seconds a laptop is stolen - this recovery service enables law enforcement to recover stolen laptops the minute thieves go online. you'll have information on your laptop's wherabouts as soon as it goes missing. protect your computer today with lojack for laptops. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL absolute software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 215 COL r_rtable.description VAL refuse to be a victim of crime: fact: your laptop has a 1 in 10 chance of being lost or stolen this year. fact: according to fbi estimates the second most common crime just after identity theft is laptop theft. each year 2 million notebook ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1357 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL individual software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1622 COL r_rtable.description VAL enjoy countless hours of reading pleasure with this deluxe compilation of classic works from over 200 authors. features all the major classics of english literature including novels mysteries poetry sci-fi romance horror and more. annotate each ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1046 COL l_ltable.description VAL designed from the ground up for professional photographers apple aperture provides everything you need for after the shoot delivering the first all-in-one post-production tool for photographers. and now it's fully compatible with intel-powered macs. with advanced raw workflow professional project management tools advanced image processing and versatile printing and output options aperture will radically simplify the way you produce and manage your photography. fine-tuned to maximize the advantages offered by macintosh hardware and mac os x tiger aperture offers breakthrough speed and quality -- whether you're working with raw jpeg or tiff images. and with the most powerful image processing in the world aperture is fast -- whether you're working with raw jpeg or tiff images. aperture supports the raw formats from all leading digital camera manufacturers (including canon and nikon) and provides optimized support for such market leading cameras as the canon eos 1ds mark ii canon eos 20d and nikon d2x as well as the highly popular canon digital rebel and nikon d50. it also supports the adobe dng format. whether you're a fashion wedding sports portrait fine art commercial or editorial photographer aperture's color-managed workflow and flexible design tools will help you easily create stunning prints customized contact sheets elegant books and web pages as beautiful as the images you capture. advanced raw workflow as a photographer you know all about the benefits of shooting raw. with access to all the data your digital slr can record you're capturing images of startling quality great dynamic range and virtually no noise. and now for the very first time you have an application that provides you with more control of the final image than you've ever had before. one that actually makes working with raw files as easy as working with jpegs. the tools -- including levels white balance exposure sharpening noise reduction and more -- afford you the freedom to experiment without having to worry about damaging your valuable original images. view larger. providing the very first all-in-one tool for your post-production needs aperture lets you work with raw images through every step of the digital workflow without first having to convert your images into another format to make necessary image adjustments eliminate red-eye remove dust crop organize images or print contact sheets. aperture provides you with the tools to do it all -- import edit catalog organize retouch publish and archive your photographs -- in a raw-focused workflow that's the first of its kind. rather than using another application to manage your images aperture offers built-in project management with robust and flexible tools that make it easy to handle thousands of projects. they include a powerful suite of tools for editing a photo shoot. it's one of the most tedious jobs any photographer faces and it's been particularly taxing when shooting raw. but aperture provides tools specifically designed to work with raw files and to speed you through the process of sifting through thousands of images culling the rejects comparing the keepers and identifying your absolutely finest photographs. nor do you have to convert your images in order to make needed adjustments. you can perfect them without having to leave aperture using a powerful suite of nondestructive image editing tools. the tools -- including levels white balance exposure sharpening noise reduction and more -- afford you the freedom to experiment without having to worry about damaging your valuable original images. that's because aperture applies modifications only to versions of your images and never to the original master images themselves. professional project management aperture the first all-in-one post-production tool for photographers provides everything you need to manage your photo library: flexible organizational tools comprehensive metadata support and powerful search tools that let you find files instantly. for easy organization and searching aperture comes with collections of associated keyword sets (and lets you create your own). aperture lets you import photos from a wide variety of sources and preserves the method you used to organize files when you drag folders from your hard drive and drop them into aperture. in fact because aperture supports both applescript and automator you can streamline many aspects of your workflow by automating those day-in day-out tasks you repeatedly find yourself doing. organize a photo library with thousands of projects any way you want -- in projects albums folders or any combination thereof. create multiple albums of related images within a project. or nest folders inside a project to organize albums books websites and light tables. you can even have aperture automatically group images together into smart albums based on defined criteria. with aperture you can work on multiple projects at once and freely copy or move photos among folders projects and albums. aperture lets you view extract and add metadata with unprecedented ease. on import it automatically extracts all industry-standard exif and iptc metadata. what's more it lets you comprehensively add important metadata -- copyright captions keywords -- at the point of import. as you work with images you're never more than a keystroke away from seeing your metadata in for example the customizable metadata heads-up display where you can customize the metadata to suit your needs. you can also choose what metadata aperture displays with your images and what metadata to embed when you export images. and when it comes to keywords aperture significantly outshines other applications. it not only supports true hierarchical keywording but also provides a number of intuitive ways to assign keywords to images. for example aperture comes with collections of associated keyword sets (and lets you create your own). call up the wedding set for example and you'll have a group of associated keywords -- bride table shots wedding party vows candids limo cake cutting -- any of which you can assign with a keystroke. using the keyword heads-up display you can drag and drop keywords onto a single image or entire group of images at once. and here's a real time-saver once you've assigned a variety of keywords to an image aperture lets you lift them from one image and stamp them onto other images. assigning and working with keywords has never been simpler or more rewarding. powerful compare and select tools open any of the heads-up displays (huds) available in aperture to adjust levels increase brightness modify color temperature assign keywords straighten horizons or make any other adjustments you'd like. it's the biggest most taxing job you have as a photographer. you've finished your shoot. you've taken thousands of photographs. now you need to quickly edit the shoot reviewing all of your photos and identifying your very best. aperture helps you accomplish this with powerful and flexible tools designed specifically to address the needs of the professional photographer. aperture lets you view multiple photos side by side offering a great way to evaluate similar images or multiple versions of the same image. view larger. if you've shot transparencies you're familiar with stacks. you've almost certainly created piles of similar images for fast comparison on your light table. in aperture you can employ the same technique with digital stacks. aperture lets you create stacks manually pulling images into stacks from any album project or folder in your library. or you can have aperture automatically create stacks for you based on the time interval between shutter clicks (1 second to 1 minute). this provides a quick and easy way to compile a sequence of bracketed or sequentially shot images for review. to further aid image comparison aperture lets you quickly rate your images using a six-level rating system (1 to 5 stars plus reject). when you're finished you can collapse the stack to eliminate clutter from your workspace. of course with that large high-resolution screen right before your eyes wouldn't it be great if you could take advantage of all that real estate and review your images full screen? with aperture you can. in fact aperture lets you view your images full screen as large as screen real estate permits. and if you have two displays you can take advantage of aperture's expansive full-screen mode on both of them to create an incomparable working environment. using the filmstrip displayed along the bottom or side of your monitor you can see thumbnails of all the images you're reviewing. you can navigate through them quickly and easily to find the images you want to see even organizing them on the fly. open any of the heads-up displays (huds) available in aperture to adjust levels increase brightness modify color temperature assign keywords straighten horizons or make any other adjustments you'd like. aperture also lets you view multiple photos side by side offering a great way to evaluate similar images or multiple versions of the same image. nondestructive image processing with aperture you never have to worry about retouching images or trying out different image adjustments because aperture makes protecting your raw images job one. designed to protect your images from the moment they're imported aperture identifies your original images as digital masters and it has built-in safeguards to ensure that you can't accidentally overwrite or modify them. in fact it's physically impossible to alter a single pixel of a digital master. instead. aperture takes a novel and completely nondestructive approach to image editing. thanks to aperture's no-regrets retouching policy you can experiment freely without fear or concern creating as many versions as you'd like with different exposure settings image croppings color temperature modifications level adjustments or any combination thereof. thanks to aperture's no-regrets retouching policy you can experiment freely without fear or concern creating as many versions as you'd like with different exposure settings image croppings color temperature modifications level adjustments or any combination thereof until you achieve the exact results you're after. and you don't have to worry about making a mistake. you can modify or delete any adjustment at any time and with no consequences. unlike the duplicate files you need to create in other applications image versions take up virtually no storage space so you don't pay an overhead penalty. and aperture automatically keeps track of all your image versions for you sequentially numbering them on the fly and connecting them to the master image as part of a stack. offering native raw image editing and breakthrough speed aperture puts the most essential adjustment tools at your immediate disposal via either the adjustments inspector or the adjustments heads-up display (hud). using these tools you can fine-tune exposure use a histogram to check and adjust levels set white balance or modify highlight and shadows. if you need to crop straighten horizons reduce noise correct red-eye or eliminate dust you'll find intuitive tools available to you. in fact if you use any of the adjustment tools to modify or retouch an image you can use aperture's unique lift and stamp tool to apply those modifications to any number of additional images. versatile printing and publishing using aperture you can produce high-quality prints and contact sheets design customized books and create impressive websites as beautiful as the photographs you take. best of all you can do it all with drag-and-drop ease. produce high-quality prints and contact sheets design customized books and create impressive websites as beautiful as the photographs you take. once you select the profile for your printer you're ready to take advantage of an aperture feature you're going to use over and over again: softproofing onscreen in the live preview area of the application's robust and resizable print dialog. if the image you see isn't perfect fine-tune your output by making gamma adjustments or by turning on black-point compensation. if you've ever tried to print contact sheets using other photo applications you're probably familiar with the expression there's gotta be a better way. now there is. aperture lets you print contact sheets more quickly and easily than you can using just about any other photo application available today. there's more good aperture printing news. in addition to helping you create your own color-correct prints aperture also provides an integrated print-ordering service that lets you order silver-halide prints directly from kodak and fuji at highly competitive pricing. color managed for consistency the prints assure predictable results and are available in standard sizes and large formats. you can also depend on aperture's built-in color management if you use a service bureau to print your photos. aperture's export preset editor lets you simply select the icc profile recommended by or obtained from your service bureau from a drop-down menu. aperture embeds the profile in your files upon export so you'll know what to expect when you get the photos in the mail. beautiful color-accurate prints. presenting prospective clients with a handsome bound and printed stock book sends a powerful message. and aperture makes the production of such high-quality bound books both simple and affordable. to help you put a unique stamp on them aperture includes a sophisticated book-layout engine that offers significant design flexibility. need to publish your photos to the web fast? aperture's wysiwyg web publishing tools make it easy. view larger. want your website to be as beautiful as your photos? aperture makes it drag-and-drop easy. no need to learn html or to use cumbersome wizard-based page generators. aperture includes professionally designed gallery and journal templates to get you started. with the former you can create pages of thumbnail galleries; with the latter narrative-style web pages that mix photos with text and can include your own photos as custom headers. unlike other photo applications aperture templates aren't set in stone. using the web gallery template for example you can decide how many rows and columns of images appear on each page how large the thumbnails should be and what metadata should accompany the images. what's more -- and this is important -- aperture's web-authoring environment is wysiwyg. any change you make happens on screen in real time so you can see the effect right away. this offers a significant advantage over the many wizard-based applications that force you to step through one dialog after another. cumbersome to use they don't let you see the results of your changes until the very end. aperture offers a welcome change letting you see your site develop right before your eyes. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 235 COL r_rtable.description VAL nan COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 624 COL l_ltable.description VAL stopzilla 4 offers real-time protection from spyware and adware. it's got the most advanced pop-up protection available and it also has integrated cookie cleaning and history removal. keep your pc security updated constantly with configurable alert warnings and automatic updates. make sure you always intercept unwanted intrusions and annoying online advertising. free 24/7 support via live chat email or toll free 800 number COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL roxio 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2075 COL r_rtable.description VAL featuring ez play today notation. turbo music (software). general midi software. book & disk package. 9x12 inches. 48 pages. published by turbo music. you're the star! packs include fully-orchestrated accompaniments on disk for each song in the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1147 COL l_ltable.description VAL our most popular selling product the pro edition is designed for the professional filmmaker. everything is at your fingertips including a full contact manager complete budgeting and scheduling locations film festivals and more. the best thing about gorilla is that it is simple. other budgeting and scheduling programs are complex convoluted and hard to navigate through. gorilla has a simple menu-driven interface and is very easy to learn. ...and it's not only budgeting and scheduling. take a closer look at all the features this program has to offer. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL jungle software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1126 COL r_rtable.description VAL keep your pc safe! zonealarm pro incorporates award-winning firewall technology with privacy features to help keep you and your computer safe. zonealarm pro blocks hackers data thieves worms and over 47 types of malicious e-mail attachments. it ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1227 COL l_ltable.description VAL enter the wild rough and tumble world of westward where adventure and untold fortunes await you. explore a huge playing environment and move up to 20 different levels. use quick wits to complete tasks like building homes farms water wells and more to keep your settlers fed housed and employed. if they don't like their situation your settlers will go elsewhere and your town will collapse! look for gold mines watch out for theivin' bandits and engage in dramatic shoot-outs. control the destiny of the west as you build thriving towns explore uncharted plains and guide your settlers to safety and success. features: more than 10 playable main characters customize your town and support an ever-expanding population buy sell and trade a variety of resources evolving and ever-changing scenarios provide many hours of playing fun COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 383 COL r_rtable.description VAL startopia takes gamers to a once thriving galactic network of starships space stations and planets left lifeless with redundant scars of the apocalypse. as stationmaster your mission is to rebuild the abandoned space stations reunite the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1119 COL l_ltable.description VAL prey is a groundbreaking first-person shooter that turns the genre upside-down with new gameplay features and next generation graphics. breaking the traditional first-person shooter format prey introduces innovative gameplay elements including wall-walking portals spirit-walking and gravity flipping which allows for insane eight player deathmatches. prey tells the story of tommy a cherokee garage mechanic stuck on a reservation and going nowhere. his life changes when an otherworldly crisis forces him to awaken spiritual powers from his long-forgotten birthright. abducted along with his people to a menacing mothership orbiting earth he sets out to save himself and his girlfriend and ultimately his planet. multiplayer ­ multiplayer games take complete advantage of the unique gameplay styles of prey as players walk on the ceilings and walls while the map¹s gravity flips from side to side note - may require advanced video processing capabilities on your mac computer COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1291 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 609 COL l_ltable.description VAL macbackup protects your computer from disaster. the software quickly restores your computer to its original backed up state. a step-by-step wizard makes backup simple for savinf priceless digital photos music investment and any other personal information. macbackup allows you to easily backup to any recordable cd/dvd local or alternative hard drive network location or ftp site using compression methods to maximize your storage space. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL macware 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3076 COL r_rtable.description VAL professional and impressive!imprinted with your business name and address!guaranteed compatible with your quickbooks(r) and quickbooks for windows(r) software.neat and clean. no carbon to touch. runs easily and smoothly through your printer without ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 90 COL l_ltable.description VAL a rich and intriguing adventure in a&nbsp; world where murders are committed according to ancestral mystic beliefs...where nothing will be the same again. product informationa frightening ritualistic murder has taken place in an upscale hotel COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 332 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 280 COL l_ltable.description VAL you are the doctor! emergency room code red legacy's latest interactive medical game combines the best of television drama and realistic gameplay in an unprecedented cd-rom experience. with all new cases and storylines emergency room code red extends the popular emergency room series and thought-provoking gameplay. as an er doctor in a community rife with riots and chaos you'll confront dramatic emergency cases use realistic medical tools and procedures and witness photo-realistic injuries. every decision is critical. emergency room code red is perfect for anyone with or without medical training who wants to know what it's really like to be a doctor. time triggers increase the pressure to perform critical procedures fast - after all this is an emergency room COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL vivendi universal 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 196 COL r_rtable.description VAL grass valley procoder 3 continues to provide high-speed high-quality video conversion between multiple formats incorporating the existing features and workflow options found in procoder 2.0 and adding several key new features including canopus hq ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1307 COL l_ltable.description VAL if you enjoy 'sudoku' then you will go crazy for 'buku kakuro'! generate millions of logic games with the click of your mouse and decipher puzzles that vary in size and complexity. use the 'hint' function to display possible moves 'undo' to backtrack as needed and 'solve' to display answers one by one until the game is complete. a 'pen & pencil' option even lets you distinguish unsure versus certain moves! themes include tastes of the orient exotic shores and serene vista. create and solve any kakuro puzzle -- even those found online and in newspapers! you can even save and print any kakuro. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topware interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2282 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. release date: 04/01/2006 COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL navarre distribution services 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 182 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1453 COL r_rtable.description VAL xoom movies on psp enables you to quickly convert your dvds or movie files into a format your psp can read and understand. get the best possible picture and audio quality for 10 different input formats: dvd (s)vcd divx avi wmv real mpeg quicktime ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 894 COL l_ltable.description VAL sony media software vegas 6 COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony pictures home entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 57 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. providing a seamless realtime workflow supporting all video acquisition ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 999 COL l_ltable.description VAL welcome to the funny farm!product information>moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertainingfarming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at thegeneral store. protect your sheep from wild wolves by keeping them COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL casual arcade 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2324 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. because the iriscard pro is a twain scanner you can also digitize your 4x6 pictures much COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1235 COL l_ltable.description VAL after a troubled tropical trip and a wild winter retreat super granny is faced with her most ambitious adventure yet! granny's precious kitties are in an old-world theme park and she must rescue them before they get snatched by her enemies! 5 worlds and 200 levels of mayhem keep you entertained with new puzzles challenging dexterity stunts and beastly enemies. granny is tougher than ever as she wields her frying pan speeds in her super sneakers and floats on her umbrella to save her kitties.features new dangerous enemies to avoid plenty of tongue in cheek humor all-new level editor for endless possibilities COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2499 COL r_rtable.description VAL all the important spelling skills your child needs taught in a fun style they'll love! / ages 5-9. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1131 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL simply put software llc 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 169 COL r_rtable.description VAL moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertaining farming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at the general store. every decision you make could determine whether you bring home the bacon or get put out ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 510 COL l_ltable.description VAL - marketing information: create reports from a large variety of personal and enterprise data sources. professional edition is ideal for report designers database administrators it professionals and power users.crystal reports xi professional edition provides native odbc ole db and jdbc connectivity to relational olap xml legacy and enterprise data. product information - software sub type: database reporting - software name: crystal reports xi professional edition - upgrade - features and benefits: data access: - access almost any kind of data with more than 35 data drivers and tight control over database connectivity formatting and design: - design professional-looking interactive reports using features like the visual report designer and dynamic prompts report viewing and interaction: - make it easy for people in your organization to view and work with their reports by customizing them to match their needs security support and maintenance: - crystal reports can work within your existing security infrastructure and with other business objects tools - language support: french - platform support: pc license information - license type: product upgrade - license pricing: standard - license quantity: 1 user COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL business objects 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2036 COL r_rtable.description VAL nan COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 840 COL l_ltable.description VAL snap! kakuro (win 98 me xp) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3141 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: simple to use import photos rate favorite photos many edit options share photos show me how tutorials ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1271 COL l_ltable.description VAL mediarecover gives you the ability to recover files you were positively convinced were gone forever - even if you've deleted them. losing memories of vacations and fun times is bad enough but losing important business files can threaten your livelihood. you owe it to yourself to be prepared. mediarecover's 3-step recovery process ensures you can access your photos music and files when you need to! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aladdin systems 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 848 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1221 COL l_ltable.description VAL note: this is the upgrade version of adobe premiere pro cs3. tell your story with maximum impact using adobe premiere pro cs3 upgrade software the start-to-finish solution for efficient video production that now includes adobe encore cs3 and adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only) formerly the award-winning dv rack hd. save time from on-set capture using adobe onlocation through to output expand your creative options via integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop and deliver your content to dvd blu-ray disc the web and mobile devices. the powerful editing finishing and delivery tools in adobe premiere pro are now available on both mac and windows operating systems. maintain control of your media with multiple project panels customizable panel display settings and instant file searches. export adobe encore cs3 projects as dvd blu-ray disc or flash. when you export as flash encore generates html flv and swf files that provide dvd-style chapter selection playback and interactivity through the flash player. capture edit and deliver to video dvd and the web adobe premiere pro cs3 software available for both mac and windows streamlines the entire video production process from direct-to-disk recording through editing to final delivery for tape disc the web and mobile devices. adobe premiere pro cs3 redefines productivity and flexibility for capturing editing and delivering video content. video professionals want to concentrate on storytelling--not on the nuts and bolts of production--and adobe premiere pro cs3 frees you to focus on telling your story. maximize image quality and work faster during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 software (requires windows and boot camp for mac ) included with adobe premiere pro to calibrate cameras monitor video signals and record directly to disk--all during the shoot. edit every major video format from dv to hd and beyond with adobe premiere pro cs3. improve efficiency and creativity with new workflow and new visual effects features. save time and expand creative options through tight integration with other adobe software including adobe after effects cs3 and adobe photoshop cs3. adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you author once and then output to blu-ray disc dvd and flash swf for the web. adobe premiere pro supports additional delivery platforms including flash and mobile devices letting you reach the widest audience possible. audience benefit corporate and government video producers--adobe premiere pro cs3 provides the tools you need to ensure excellent production values while working quickly to stay on schedule. edit with precise control add stunning effects and move content smoothly to adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop for even more creative control. streamline the review process with adobe clip notes and output to multiple formats quickly and easily to reach more people everywhere. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you communicate with high-quality video and imagery even with tight budgets and looming deadlines. event videographers--small crews and tight deadlines mean you need to work fast even while clients demand higher and higher production values. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you capture events directly to disc with included adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only); work fast with precision editing tools including support for editing multicam shots; create compelling effects via tight integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop cs3; and use the included copy of adobe encore cs3 to deliver content however your clients need it whether on dvd blu-ray disc the web or mobile devices. independent filmmakers--your passion is storytelling. your challenge is finding the right software to handle every aspect of the production process and deliver hollywood-quality imagery. adobe premiere pro cs3 meets this need with a complete toolset for capturing footage direct-to-disc editing imagery and creating titles in post-production producing dvds and delivering web-ready content to promote your films on the internet. and with the included video workshop and training materials you'll have help through every stage of production. post-production boutiques--enjoy advanced editing tools as well as the uncompromised image quality and real-time performance you need in professional broadcast and film post-production. work with all major formats enjoy powerful effects and media management tools get unparalleled integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop software and increase efficiency with workflow enhancements such as adobe clip notes. with adobe premiere pro cs3 and adobe encore cs3 you can deliver your work in the format your client needs from adobe flash video through dvd and blu-ray disc to uncompressed hd. educators and students--adobe premiere pro cs3 offers a complete set of post-production tools that let you handle all aspects of filmmaking and post-production cost effectively from capturing and editing footage to creating titles dvds and promotional materials such as websites that feature video content. use flexible tools to express your creativity work with any file format on both windows and macintosh platforms and deliver your work across multiple media. what's new in adobe premiere pro cs3k dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. high-quality slow motion with time remapping create dramatic slow- and fast-motion effects without exporting clips to another application. with precise keyframe control real-time feedback and excellent quality from advanced frame blending you can slow things down without compromising quality. or generate even better in-between frames through pixel-motion analysis with the timewarp effect. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only) save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. adobe encore cs3 projects for the web with one click easily create adobe flash versions of your dvd and blu-ray disc projects for the web. use adobe encore cs3 to create flash content complete with dvd interactivity and menus without learning flash programming. multiple project windows with smart file search find files faster with search tools that instantly update their results list as you type. sort and organize assets into multiple project windows each with its own graphical or text view setting. display and handle media files making project management easier and more efficient. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. create stunning slow-motion and other retiming effects directly in the timeline by setting and moving time remapping keyframe markers. improve the look of your video with the three-way color corrector and the other precision color-correction tools in adobe premiere pro. improved editing efficiency work faster with powerful and flexible editing tools. play video with nested audio sequences in real time without rendering. replace any clip in the timeline with a new clip while preserving the replaced clip's editing attributes and settings. use shortcuts to switch between workspace panels and save time. output for mobile devices make your video viewable on the latest delivery platforms. encode video for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and simulate playback on those devices to check video quality. download profile updates to simulate the latest devices. flash video export with markers converted to cue points encode video and audio for flash projects and web playback with direct flash video (flv) export. adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline markers become flash cue points that trigger interactivity and navigation. create flash video with ease. improve efficiency and incorporate a tapeless workflow during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3* to monitor your camera's video signal and record it directly to a computer hard drive. the multi-camera window makes editing action recorded with several cameras or in multiple takes as easy as pointing and clicking. additional features efficient tools for creative editing create high-quality visual and editorial effects directly within the editing timeline. generate slow motion and other time-remapping effects with precise keyframe control and real-time feedback. add color correction lighting and other effects audio filters and more with fast flexible and built-in tools. edit footage from multicam shoots with ease and precision. comprehensive video format compatibility work with the formats you want. edit all standard- or high-definition formats from dv through hdv to hd and beyond (some formats may require additional hardware). broad range of supporting hardware and software for mac and windows choose from a wide range of mac and windows workstations and capture cards to build the editing system that exactly meets your needs and budget. enhance your system with additional plug-ins including many from adobe after effects software. dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. superior integration with other adobe applications make the leading still and motion graphics applications adobe photoshop and after effects part of an efficient post-production workflow. import and animate photoshop layers. automatically create photoshop files that match the current project's frame size and aspect ratio. drag and drop or copy and paste clips and timelines between adobe premiere pro cs3 and after effects cs3 professional. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only) save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. delivery to the web and mobile devices make your video viewable on today's and tomorrow's delivery platforms. export as adobe flash video (flv). easily convert dvd projects complete with menus to flash swf files for web playback. encode for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and emulate playback on those devices to check playback quality. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. multicam editing view multiple video tracks from a multiple-camera shoot easily sync via timecode and edit by switching between tracks in real time. rerecord sections of your edit make fine adjustments using all the standard timeline editing tools and easily adjust color correction across multiple shots even after editing. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. mac os x compatibility use adobe premiere pro cs3 on the latest intel based macintosh computers. aaf and edl import/export exchange project metadata with major video film and audio applications via industry-standard advanced authoring format (aaf) aaf with edit protocol and edit decision list (edl) files (aaf import/export for windows only). comprehensive vtr support control video decks through rs-422 and rs-232 serial protocols or firewire for precise batch capturing recapturing and insert editing. file management with adobe bridge work more efficiently by using adobe bridge cs3 to search for and access your project files preview and apply settings run batch processes and tag assets with xmp metadata. * for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires boot camp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows based computer. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3166 COL r_rtable.description VAL multicore intel® processor (adobe® onlocation? cs3 is a windows application that may be used on macintosh using boot camp and windows sold separately) mac os x v.10.4.9 1gb of ram for dv; 2gb of ram for hdv and hd 10gb of available hard-disk space ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 118 COL l_ltable.description VAL calendar creator 10 is the perfect tool for the artistic types who want to keep track of their busy schedules! this collection of home calendar creation tools makes it possible to remember every important date and appointment. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL broderbund 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1334 COL r_rtable.description VAL calendar creator deluxe 10 delivers everything you need to design creative functional scheduling solutions. easily add appointments birthdays and other important events to your calendar layout. use streamlined organizational tools to schedule ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 609 COL l_ltable.description VAL macbackup protects your computer from disaster. the software quickly restores your computer to its original backed up state. a step-by-step wizard makes backup simple for savinf priceless digital photos music investment and any other personal information. macbackup allows you to easily backup to any recordable cd/dvd local or alternative hard drive network location or ftp site using compression methods to maximize your storage space. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL macware 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2862 COL r_rtable.description VAL professional and impressive!imprinted with your business name and address!guaranteed compatible with your quickbooks(r) and quickbooks for windows(r) software.neat and clean. no carbon to touch. runs easily and smoothly through your printer without ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 486 COL l_ltable.description VAL evergirl is an action adventure title for young ladies who are out to find themselves. they'll take charge of four teenagers as they try to find their place in the world based on their personalities. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL thq 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 655 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. edius pro software can be upgraded to edius broadcast at any time. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL canopus/grass valley 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1212 COL l_ltable.description VAL 20 aircraft of all types for fsx and fs2004 commercial & regional corporate & private general aviation military COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL abacus 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1656 COL r_rtable.description VAL nan COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 232 COL l_ltable.description VAL the fast fun and easy way to learn dutch! test your knowledge with quizzes and a challenging memory game. plus even compare your pronunciation to native speakers! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL eurotalk interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 311 COL r_rtable.description VAL the fast fun and easy way to learn dutch! test your knowledge with quizzes and a challenging memory game. plus even compare your pronunciation to native speakers! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1227 COL l_ltable.description VAL enter the wild rough and tumble world of westward where adventure and untold fortunes await you. explore a huge playing environment and move up to 20 different levels. use quick wits to complete tasks like building homes farms water wells and more to keep your settlers fed housed and employed. if they don't like their situation your settlers will go elsewhere and your town will collapse! look for gold mines watch out for theivin' bandits and engage in dramatic shoot-outs. control the destiny of the west as you build thriving towns explore uncharted plains and guide your settlers to safety and success. features: more than 10 playable main characters customize your town and support an ever-expanding population buy sell and trade a variety of resources evolving and ever-changing scenarios provide many hours of playing fun COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3169 COL r_rtable.description VAL a horrific ritualistic murder has taken place in an upscale hotel. enter gus macpherson a former american private detective now hired by a mysterious and sensuous woman sophia blake to find out who murdered her beloved sister and brother-in-law ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1225 COL l_ltable.description VAL upgrade only; previous version of cs premium standard or studio required adobe creative suite 3 design premium software is the designer's dream toolkit for print web and mobile publishing. it combines all-new versions of essential tools for professional page layout image editing illustration and adobe pdf workflows with new tools for producing engaging websites interactive experiences and mobile content -- all in a unified intuitive design environment. it's productive intuitive and tightly integrated environment with everything you need to design content for tomorrow as well as today. import layered photoshop and illustrator files into flash animate them and export in actionscript 3.0 for developers preview and test your designs using mobile device profiles in adobe devicecentral cs3 easily organize browse locate and preview assets with adobe bridge cs3 use indesign for direct access to adobe stock photos export indesign layouts as xhtml to use in web designs in dreamweaver COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1934 COL r_rtable.description VAL you can purchase this cs3 design premium upgrade if you own creative suite or macromedia studio COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 624 COL l_ltable.description VAL stopzilla 4 offers real-time protection from spyware and adware. it's got the most advanced pop-up protection available and it also has integrated cookie cleaning and history removal. keep your pc security updated constantly with configurable alert warnings and automatic updates. make sure you always intercept unwanted intrusions and annoying online advertising. free 24/7 support via live chat email or toll free 800 number COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL roxio 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1022 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1260 COL l_ltable.description VAL sound forge 9 is the industry standard for editing and production. create and edit stereo and multichannel audio files with speed and precision in the studio or in the field. the latest version is a complete audio production suite -- cd design effects processing and mastering tools. a host of new features will gives you total control of your audio - from multichannel audio recording and editing to dolby digital ac-3 encoding. acclaimed for its power stability and intuitive interface it's the fastest way to get from raw audio to finished master. automated time-based recording audio restoration tools spectrum analysis tools noise reduction 2.0 plug-ins drag and drop editing between channels hardware meters with output gain control phase and mono-compatibility meters multichannel-capable spectrum analysis disc-at-once cd burning batch processing and scripting; wave hammer mastering tools; acoustic mirror plug-ins dolby digital ac-3 support hardware meters with output gain control directx plug-in fx automation link to sony music studios internet mastering (sim) works with vista COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2075 COL r_rtable.description VAL featuring ez play today notation. turbo music (software). general midi software. book & disk package. 9x12 inches. 48 pages. published by turbo music. you're the star! packs include fully-orchestrated accompaniments on disk for each song in the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1350 COL l_ltable.description VAL design std cs3 3 mac ed 1u COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3005 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 java runtime environment 1.5 1gb ram 5.3gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 859 COL l_ltable.description VAL with palo alto business plan pro premiere 2007 you get the newest most complete business planning tool available all in one package. business plan pro premiere is more than just software that creates a business plan. it is a complete business planning package that will help you improve and grow your business for years to come. view the business plan pro 2007 demo. create forecasts visually with a drag and drop graphic forecaster. the graphic forecaster is a simple and powerful tool to streamline the forecasting process. view larger. create a powerpoint presentation quickly and easily. export charts financials and text directly to powerpoint. view larger. you can't get stuck with the automatic row-by-row help system. it provides advice information and answers for every step of every spreadsheet. view larger. visual cash planning with cash pilot allows you to create what-if scenarios by testing the key variables that affect your cash flow. view larger. impress sophisticated investors with an investment analysis and valuation. calculate valuation based on sales or earnings and calculate irr and npv. view larger. the business plan from start to finish business plan pro premiere is based on a business plan format recognized by leading banks lenders investors and the small business administration (sba). business plan pro walks you through the entire planning process and generates a complete professional and ready to distribute plan with a proven formula for success. with the program's proprietary easyplan wizard writing a business plan is easier than ever making it a snap to get started. but creating a business plan is not just for startups. you can take your business to the next level with easy-to-use powerful plan vs. actual financial tools. you can also track your results and manage your business better by comparing your actual numbers to the figures you projected in your plan. these tools help you better manage your profits expenses and cash flow. with business plan pro premiere you get the newest most complete business planning tool available all in one package. an easyplan wizard asks you simple questions then determines the next steps based on your unique answers. not only does business plan pro premiere walk you through the entire planning process with instructions throughout but you also have access to detailed examples from over 500 sample business plans from hundreds of different industries. whether you are planning a new business or simply revising your business strategy the step-by-step guides and resources will make the planning process simple and easy. every page you create is automatically organized and collated to produce a bulletproof business plan in the preferred format of banks investors and the sba that gets results. you can customize your plan by easily importing your own graphics logos photos and even fonts and layouts. once you're done it's easy to distribute your plan by exporting to microsoft word excel or powerpoint or adobe pdf. you can even upload your completed business plan to a secure password-protected web site. 500 sample business plans and 9 000 industry profiles you never have to worry about writer's block with business plan pro premiere. with an extensive library of over 500 sample plans you can select the plan that mirrors your general business concept and use it as a guide to help you write your own. these plans can be viewed from our sample plan browser as an example while you write your plan or can be edited directly using business plan pro premiere. you can sort the plans by industry type view a summary paragraph of the plan and skim the plan in a printable format. the program also includes market research on virtually every industry so you can match your numbers to industry averages for an accurate business plan. this comprehensive collection of data is based on your standard industrial classification code (sic code) and the information is integrated automatically into your plan. need to know what others in your industry are spending? what you should spend on marketing? what is your initial cost per unit? it's all just a click away. advanced premier features if you already have financial data in microsoft excel you can easily import it directly into business plan pro premier and link it to your forecast. you can name format and include these tables as part of your plan or use them behind the scenes for advanced financial analysis. the premier edition will help you impress sophisticated investors with advanced investment analysis and valuation. you can both calculate valuation based on sales or earnings and calculate the internal rate of return (irr) and net present value (npv). planning your cash flow is not intuitive yet it is one of the most important aspects of managing a business. by creating what-if scenarios you can test the key variables that affect your cash flow. and cash pilot is a graphical tool which provides a visual representation to help you better manage three key components in your balance sheet that affect your cash flow -- accounts receivable accounts payable and inventory / stock management. are you meeting your goals and keeping expenses under control? successful entrepreneurs don't just plan they follow through and then track how well their actual business results match their original plan. the premier edition includes an additional tracking tool in the profit and loss table for plan vs. actual comparison. this functionality lets you quantify the areas where you are succeeding and identify parts of the business that may need more attention. watching these issues closely can help you correct your course as you go. the business plan pro premier features many advanced financial forecasting options. for instance you can divide your expenses and payroll into functional categories such as general and administrative production marketing etc.; forecast personnel salaries in more detail; and forecast two years in a monthly format. in addition you can add an unlimited number of custom spreadsheets or import directly from microsoft excel. you can also print your numbers in a quarterly view making this the must-have program for any entrepreneur. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL palo alto software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 984 COL r_rtable.description VAL with business plan pro 2007 you get the newest most complete business planning tool available all in one package. with new help resources free tutorials more detailed plan review and much more! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 460 COL l_ltable.description VAL with internet cleanup 3.0 you'll streamline your privacy management. anyone who uses the web needs to clean out their cache from tiem to time - internet cleanup 3.0 makes it quick and easy. with a few clicks you'll delete browser caches auto-fill data chat transcripts browser history files and e-mail attachments. the program also has features that look for spyware and keystroke recorders protecting your mac while you surf. block cookies and prevent websites from knowing your browsing history electronic shredding with secure delete - obliterate files completely and protect your privacy advanced new network security tools for safe secure system-wide cleanup COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aladdin systems 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1882 COL r_rtable.description VAL requires mac os x 10.4 or later... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 25 COL l_ltable.description VAL startopia takes gamers to a once-thriving galactic network of starships space stations and planets left lifeless with redundant scars of the apocalypse. you will lead the way in rebuilding the network of space stations that once served the commerce and communication of the old empire--reuniting the surviving alien peoples under one banner. startopia gives you the opportunity to rebuild and successfully maintain a series of giant torus (donut) space stations scattered across the galaxy. they will provide a suitable home for the many alien races that inhabit space and perhaps turn a tidy profit for you in the process. of course there are plenty of other enterprising individuals out there with the same goals not to mention there are many hazards that exist in deep space. a number of different life forms and organizations are developing competing stations and it will only be a matter of time before you'll need to confront your opponents. will you use economic or military means to force out your opponents? you decide. startopia features nine primary character races each with a unique look and function. each inhabitant is an individual character with unique moods desires personal histories and humorous character animations. it's a fully functioning alien society with racial animosity and friendships crime and punishment leisure and entertainment and a functioning economy. the unique torus play area gives a viewpoint never before seen in a game. the bio-deck has an editable landscape and a manageable ecosystem allowing you complete control of terraforming. multiplayer support for up to three other stationmasters and simple and intuitive command of security forces can conflict with other players or defend your station against alien threats. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL eidos interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 26 COL r_rtable.description VAL the pressure is on for you to pop the pieces before they fill up the screen! incredible fast-paced mind-popping fun! multiple game variations keep this classic fun fresh and addicting to play! includes 12 ways to play 5 skill levels and much ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1038 COL l_ltable.description VAL window washer (win 98 me 2000 xp) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL navarre (software) 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 249 COL r_rtable.description VAL looking to buy a home? this user-friendly program will help guide you through the often nerve-wracking process of home financing. totally secure and self-contained this practical tutorial covers all the bases - from calculating how much house you ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 967 COL l_ltable.description VAL pcdefense protects you from: spyware - spyware scan removes the spyware that's compromising your privacy right now spyalarm blocks new spyware threats before they transmit your personal information to online criminals keyloggers: keylogger prevention stops malicious keyloggers from invading your privacy and stealing your identity rootkits: rootkit scan identifies hidden files and processes that are undetectable by conventional security suites viruses: virus scan delivers on-demand web-based scanning tools that are constantly updated protecting you against the latest virus threats system failure: recover from a catastrophic attack rootkit infestation or system failure using disaster recovery. disaster recovery restores your entire system - files settings and programs COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL avanquest software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 848 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 876 COL l_ltable.description VAL with print shop pro publisher deluxe 22 you can unlock your publishing potential! this software is your complete source for designing powerful publications for all of your home and business needs is bigger and better than ever. it's the simple effective way to create banners business cards cd/dvd labels signs greeting cards invitations and more! small business center dvd for windows - requires pc with dvd drive to run COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2611 COL r_rtable.description VAL overview access powerful images and design tools. the print shop is your creative toolbox filled with an infinite number of projects you can personalize for every occasion. design memorable cards calendars newsletters and more using a variety of ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 484 COL l_ltable.description VAL build social studies skills fast! quickstudy u.s. government provides self-paced interactive and stimulating tutorials to give students a solid educational foundation that will raise grades and test scores. be a quickstudy! improve grades and test scores multimedia learning system makes even the toughest physics concepts come alive great for new learners or students studying for college entrance exams boost grades and test scores! using step-by-step animations real-time quizzes and a fun 3-d interface quickstudy u.s. government gives students the tools they need to master key concepts of american government. take the stress out of high school civics the curriculum-based lessons cover citizenship principles of democracy politics and much more. they have been designed by educators to help students utilize critical thinking skills in an engaging learning environment. 108 engaging lessons 20 skill-building animations 270 interactive quiz questions searchable database with 500+ key concepts topics include: principles of democracy citizenship the civil society the three branches supreme court decisions media influence political campaigns levels of government system requirements for windows windows 98se me xp 266 mhz processor or faster 32 mb ram 500 mb free hard disk space svga monitor 256 colors sound blaster pro-compatible sound card & speakers 4x cd-rom drive printer recommended for printing lessons COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL selectsoft publishing 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 182 COL r_rtable.description VAL using animations real-time quizzes and a fun interface quickstudy us government gives users the tools they need to master the complexities of the us political system. the curriculum-based lessons cover citizenship principles of democracy ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1271 COL l_ltable.description VAL mediarecover gives you the ability to recover files you were positively convinced were gone forever - even if you've deleted them. losing memories of vacations and fun times is bad enough but losing important business files can threaten your livelihood. you owe it to yourself to be prepared. mediarecover's 3-step recovery process ensures you can access your photos music and files when you need to! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aladdin systems 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1022 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 276 COL l_ltable.description VAL crusader kings is a unique historical role-player that puts you into a feudal society fraught with dangers. travel to medieval europe between 1066 and 1419 a.d. -- here you will build a dynasty. gain wealth and favor from the nobles while earning prestige and piety. unlike other strategy games the goal here is not to expand your territory but to expand your reputation. use everything from diplomacy to warfare to create a respected royal line. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL atari 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1850 COL r_rtable.description VAL mobile find plus 411 directory search delivers fast easy wireless access to residential and business listings maps and driving directions for your pocket pc palm(tm) or wireless phone - when and where you need it. find phone numbers and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1137 COL l_ltable.description VAL office onenote 2007 upgrade is a digital notebook that provides one place to gather notes and information powerful search capabilities to find what you're looking for quickly and easy-to-use shared notebooks to help manage information overload and work with others more effectively. as an integrated part of the 2007 microsoft office system onenote 2007 upgrade makes it easy to gather organize find and share your notes and information more efficiently and effectively. powerful search capabilities can help you locate information from text within pictures or from spoken words in audio and video recordings. and easy-to-use collaborative tools help teams work together with all of this information in shared notebooks whether online or offline. plus the familiar look and feel of the microsoft office system makes it easy to start using the program right away minimizing wasted time and training costs. gather all of your information in office onenote 2007. view larger. gather and organize everything in one place with so much information coming your way--and in so many different forms--you need one place to keep it all and a tool that's flexible enough to capture it. otherwise information that could have been used to help make better decisions or make you more efficient is lost or difficult to find. unlike paper-based systems word processing programs e-mail systems or other productivity programs onenote 2007 delivers the flexibility to gather and organize text pictures digital handwriting audio and video recordings and more--all in one digital notebook on your computer. this software can help you become more productive by keeping the information you need at your fingertips and reducing time spent searching for information across e-mail messages paper notebooks file folders and printouts. save time by consolidating information taking notes on paper and transcribing them later can be time-consuming and difficult and you run the risk of losing important pages. in addition it's difficult to share data kept in a conventional paper notebook and they're only good for capturing one kind of information: handwritten notes. when it's time to gather information from other sources and in different ways other difficulties can arise. for instance because most people don't have a way of digitally capturing unstructured information they often print out web research and store information in file folders or on desks which is difficult to find later and inaccessible when you're away. and sharing information with others can be challenging--even when using e-mail it can be hard to hard to figure out what the plan is without reading through long e-mail threads that may or may not contain the information you need. onenote 2007 however gives you a solution with a flexible software program that enables you to g! ather virtually any type of information in one place. with your information readily available you can be more prepared and informed. quickly find what you need with onenote 2007 finding information is easy and fast because it eliminates the guesswork of figuring out where you stored critical information. no more clicking through file folders and sorting through pages of paper notebooks to find the information you're looking for. powerful search features give you the ability to locate information quickly while allowing you to search across new types of content like text in scanned documents or images and spoken words in audio and video recordings. with easier access to the facts you and your teammates can make better decisions. with office onenote 2007 your team can work together more effectively. view larger. protect your intellectual property onenote 2007 helps you consolidate various types of information--including freeform notes images documents files from other microsoft office system programs and rich media--and organize it in the way that works best for you. and because it keeps everything in one place you don't have to worry about frequently saving or creating backups of your information--onenote 2007 does this for you. ideal for businesses if you're attending an important meeting and don't want to rely on your memory simply take meeting notes in onenote 2007 to create a living repository of group decisions and brainstorming sessions that adds continuity and context to subsequent meetings. you can also catch all the details of customer calls and meetings by synchronizing typed or handwritten notes with office onenote 2007 audio and video recordings. if you're working outside of the office gather information on your microsoft windows mobile powered devices (including notes audio recordings and pictures) and transfer it to onenote 2007. and when it's time to share data with your colleagues take advantage of onenote 2007's export application programming interface to easily transfer information gathered in onenote 2007 to your company's business systems and in so doing reduce errors and wasted time spent rekeying the same information in different systems. need to copy paste or print information from and into other 2007 microsoft office system programs? it's no problem with onenote; this software lets you access and exchange information in word excel outlook and powerpoint. you can even use onenote 2007's drawing tools and tables to annotate and easily organize and manage information. find what you're looking for quickly using office onenote 2007. view larger. search and link options onenote 2007 lets you search and find keywords quickly within text in images and in audio recordings made within the application. you can also view hyperlinked search results in a summary task pane; a single click takes you to relevant results. for added convenience view all open notebooks at once use drag-and-drop functionality to easily arrange and rearrange your notes and add hyperlinks to other pages in your notebook to quickly find relevant content. manage tasks easily with two-way synchronization between onenote 2007 and the 2003 and 2007 versions of outlook or link notes and other information to specific outlook 2007 or outlook 2003 contacts to help you better prepare for meetings and recall information easily. if you want to underscore a particularly important point date or other piece of information mark notes with note tags visually rich icons that make it easier to return to reminders to-dos and other action items. work together more effectively with team members working from different locations and on multiple projects communication coordination and information sharing can challenge group effectiveness and productivity. teams often rely on e-mail messages to share information causing confusion and bloated e-mail inboxes. tasks action items agendas and issues stored within static documents or document management systems are difficult to update track and access and they prevent multiple people from working with the same information at the same time. onenote 2007 helps people work together better by eliminating roadblocks that arise when information is isolated in paper notes or file folders or on one person's computer. groups can share information easily work more productively and keep track of projects issues and goals more effectively. individuals can work together from the same notebook--whether online or offline--using shared notebooks. onenote2007 manages changes made to the same notebook elimina! ting the need to track versions or upload changes. you can also create a team knowledge base so that everyone has access to the same information helping to get new team members up to speed quickly and minimizing duplicate efforts. share notes even with non-onenote 2007 users by sending your notes as html so that anyone with an e-mail client or web browser can view them and stay in control of your information by choosing which notebooks to share with your teammates and which to keep private and help ensure privacy with password protection. you can even use onenote 2007 as a shared digital whiteboard enabling virtual teams to work together in real time viewing and editing the same set of notes. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1263 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: g3 mac os x-compatible processor or higher mac os x version 10.2.8 or later 256 mb of ram 450 mb of available hard-disk space for a recommended install of office; 630 mb for a full drag-and-drop install of office cd-rom drive ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1271 COL l_ltable.description VAL mediarecover gives you the ability to recover files you were positively convinced were gone forever - even if you've deleted them. losing memories of vacations and fun times is bad enough but losing important business files can threaten your livelihood. you owe it to yourself to be prepared. mediarecover's 3-step recovery process ensures you can access your photos music and files when you need to! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aladdin systems 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 26 COL r_rtable.description VAL the pressure is on for you to pop the pieces before they fill up the screen! incredible fast-paced mind-popping fun! multiple game variations keep this classic fun fresh and addicting to play! includes 12 ways to play 5 skill levels and much ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 8 COL l_ltable.description VAL webexpress (win 95 98) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL ingram micro 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1243 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 963 COL l_ltable.description VAL human body 360 is the most comprehensive anatomy software for exploring the fascinating inner world of the human body! human body 360 holds a world of authoritative information on the world within the human body. this 2-dvd set features fully updated and complete information presented through spectacular multimedia displays high-resolution pictures and animation. it's a total guide to the interior workings of humanity. for serious students adults medical professionals COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL megasystems 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2583 COL r_rtable.description VAL overview with over 87 years of experience and a global reputation for unsurpassed excellence world book 2006 is firmly established as the premier reference source for students parents teachers and librarians. now the 1 name in reliability and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1273 COL l_ltable.description VAL ulead videostudio 11 plus is a complete end-to-end hd dvd solution and video editing and dvd authoring software for anyone who wants to easily produce professional-looking videos slide shows and dvds. this editing software lets you capture video from the latest hd camcorders and create amazing high-definition dvds. with timesaving template-based wizards and powerful hands-on tools it will let you express your creativity without the hassle of confusing software interfaces or processes. find out which version of videostudio is right for you. view comparison chart. view larger. burn hd dvd authored projects or folders to hd dvd-r or dvd discs. advanced movie wizard templates let you make movies in three easy steps. preview window for overlays show original overlay image. imagine the movies you'll make the videostudio plus editor gives you all the tools you need to produce professional quality movies. an easy step-by-step workflow lets you spend your time being creative rather than learning technical editing. the movie wizard is ideal for users new to video editing. you can select from several attractive themes and let auto-editing create a professional opening sequence for you and in three easy steps you'll have a complete movie ready to share with the world. you'll be amazed with the range of high-quality features you can choose from to enhance your movie. just hook up your camcorder and choose the clips you want. thanks to the dv-to-dvd wizard in just two steps you'll have a finished dvd complete with menus titles transitions and music. then with a single click you can turn your two-channel stereo sound track creation into an immersive dolby digital 5.1 surround sound experience that's ready for the multiplexes. the program's high-definition authoring technology lets you author hd dvd discs with crisp professional 16:9 high-definition menus. you can switch between 4:3 and 16:9 authoring modes and between standard and high-definition output at any time. easy-to-use menu templates give a professional polish to your production and a timeline chapter point bar enables you to add title chapter points directly to the timeline for a more intuitive way to set the dvd organization. even if you're working on a mid-range machine videostudio plus's purehd editing with smart proxy and purehd authoring and output features make it easy to work in hd from capturing and editing hd video and authoring hd menus to burning hd dvd discs. videostudio lets you burn dvd projects to hd dvd-r and -rw discs record your finished video back to tape for viewing directly from the camcorder create wmv-hd and mpeg-2 hd to play on media center pcs or new high-definition playback devices and much more. enhanced movie wizard for superior creations with videostudio plus's advanced movie wizard templates the movies you can create will be limited only by your imagination. you can create exciting movie-style openings using your video clips in multiple animated frames and it's easy to personalize your videos with your own background music and titles. the program's split by scene feature automatically detects scene changes in your video while you are capturing or in clips already captured and in the library. smart pan and zoom automatically recognizes faces in photos and creates dynamic slide shows. you can also scan your dv tape to generate a thumbnail list of all your clips and then select and batch capture only the clips you want. videostudio plus can also help you to create professional quality titles subtitles and menus. the program supports the unicode character set to simplify multi-language titles. you can create multiple titles that appear at the same time position format and animate each title independently and even edit titles on-screen mixing fonts character sizes and colors. for special title effects you can apply text backdrops with solid or color gradients and transparency animate titles in any of 8 motion styles and even rotate titles directly in the preview window to any angle you like. when it's time to put the finishing touches on your menus you'll have access to tools that will create menu transitions just like blockbuster hollywood dvds. you can set menu-in and menu-out transitions to smoothly go into the next title or menus. you'll have your choice from a wide range of menu options from traditional-style menus with motion buttons to slick-looking menus with text-only buttons. motion filters can create movement even on static menus giving you the ability to select an image for a background and bring it to life with ripples spotlight effects or pan and zooms. best of all you can preview menu behavior at any time in the authoring process. the most complete video solution by supporting all popular formats videostudio plus lets you work with standard and high-definition video images and audio from virtually any video source including dv dvd hdv and avchd camcorders mobile phones web cams and more. the software's comprehensive output options let you save your final video in most popular video formats and the batch convert process saves time when you need to change multiple video files from one format to another. among the devices you can create for are virtually any handheld device including apple ipod sony psp zune nokia mobile phones pdas and other portable devices. you can even compress short movies into email-friendly versions and send them directly from the program. videostudio also comes several bonus features including intervideo windvd8 (silver) a great software dvd player that plays back any video and audio files including avchdl; neptune mediashare which provides you with space on the web where you can share movies with your family and friends; and movie screensaver which creates windows screen savers based on your favorite slide show or video clips complete with music. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL corel 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 323 COL r_rtable.description VAL corel video studio 11 plus is consumer video editing and dvd authoring software that lets anyone do more with video. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL corel corporation 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 13 COL l_ltable.description VAL - marketing information: make your project information work for you! the who what and when of your projects are too important to leave to chance. with details your project information is centralized organized and always up-to-date. in an instant you can communicate project statuses with colleagues and clients with presentation-quality reports and customized forms. product information - software sub type: project management/version control - software name: details v.3.0 - complete product - features and benefits: - easy setup - quickstart templates - accurate reporting - custom forms - the report generator - timeline graphs - submittal logs - project logs - contact fields - hyperlinks - web graphics - calculation fields - work calendar - this pop-up console enables you to oversee and manage the import process when importing data from other applications and files - choice lists - column summaries - language support: english - platform support: pc license information - license type: complete product - license pricing: standard - license quantity: 1 user COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aec software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 655 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. edius pro software can be upgraded to edius broadcast at any time. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL canopus/grass valley 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1191 COL l_ltable.description VAL ideal for film video and multimedia professionals and graphic and web designers using 3d and motion as well as professionals in engineering and science adobe photoshop cs3 extended software delivers everything in photoshop cs3 and more. render and incorporate 3d images into your 2d composites. stop time with easy editing of motion graphics on video layers. and probe your images with measurement analysis and visualization tools. the professional standard now comes in two versions& 151;photoshop cs3 and photoshop cs3 extended with additional features and enhancements for specialized image professionals. the clone stamp and healing brush tools now feature an overlay preview of the source areas. the loupe tool in adobe bridge cs3 lets you easily zoom into the fine detail of any image. zoomify export allows you to efficiently display even the highest resolution imagery over low bandwidth web connections. edit 3d and motion-based images adobe photoshop cs3 extended includes key new capabilities that let you incorporate 3d and motion-based content into your image editing workflow. now you can render 3d content into your 2d composites edit existing textures on 3d models and embed your edited models into adobe pdf files for easy collaboration with colleagues. plus you can animate video frames paint and clone over multiple video frames and import and export video files in a wide range of formats. analyze images with precision photoshop cs3 extended helps professionals in manufacturing medicine architecture engineering and scientific research gain more insight from images. measurement and counting tools enable analysis of 2d and 3d images. matlab users can pull image data from photoshop extended into matlab and visualize results of matlab algorithms back in the software. and medical professionals can correct annotate and analyze dicom files. work more productively with improved performance throughout the editing workflow photoshop cs3 extended helps you work more productively--even when editing the most specialized images. experience native performance on both intel and powerpc based macs and on microsoft windows vistaª systems. maximize your workspace with a streamlined interface process raw images with increased speed and quality and manage assets more efficiently in the revamped adobe bridge cs3. composite and edit with unrivaled power leverage the power of the industry standard for the utmost creative control in image editing and compositing. now you can apply filters nondestructively manage and correct color more easily convert color images to rich black-and-white with one click and retouch images with more powerful cloning and healing tools. plus you can enjoy advanced compositing with breakthrough tools for aligning and blending layers automatically and making image selections with one brush stroke. product highlights experience smooth handling of 3d and motion-based content. gain deeper insights from your images with new measurement and analysis tools. boost your productivity with a streamlined interface enhancements to raw-image processing and asset management workflows and more. achieve your vision with unrivaled power to edit composite and experiment. audience benefit film video and multimedia professionals and graphic and web designers using 3d and motion--with adobe photoshop cs3 extended software you can now leverage the power of the photoshop image-editing toolset and paint engine when editing 3d and motion-based content for film video the web and mobile devices. manufacturing and design engineers--with adobe photoshop cs3 extended software you can easily import rotate and create different rendering modes and edit existing textures on 3d models to enhance 3d content or create compelling composites of 2d and 3d content. medical professionals--adobe photoshop cs3 extended software helps you improve patient care with powerful tools for documenting and analyzing treatment and visualizing potential outcomes. architects and engineers--adobe photoshop cs3 extended software helps you communicate your vision clearly and make an impact with all of your drawings and designs. scientific researchers--adobe photoshop cs3 extended software delivers new tools for analyzing and extracting data from images and offers powerful presentation capabilities to help you communicate your discoveries. students and educators--with features designed for professionals in video and motion graphics production manufacturing medicine architecture engineering and scientific research adobe photoshop cs3 extended software is a key new tool for students pursuing careers in these fields and for their instructors. product overview get everything in adobe photoshop cs3 software and more with photoshop cs3 extended which enables you to edit 3d and motion-based content and perform image analysis. edit 3d and motion-based images 3d image editing 3d compositing and texture editing easily render and incorporate rich 3d content into your 2d composites--even edit textures on 3d models directly within photoshop extended and immediately see the results. photoshop extended supports common 3d interchange formats including 3ds obj u3d kmz and collada so you can import view and interact with most 3d models. integration with adobe acrobat 8 software create modify and collaborate on 3d content more easily through tight integration between photoshop cs3 extended and acrobat 3d software. convert myriad 3d cad formats to the robust u3d interchange format enhance models and create composites with photoshop extended and easily embed 3d models created in photoshop extended into pdf files to distribute for review. enhanced vanishing point with 3d support edit in perspective on multiple surfaces--even those connected at angles other than 90 degrees--with the enhanced vanishing point which also lets you measure in perspective; wrap graphics images and text around multiple planes; and output 2d planes as 3d models. video and animation design movie paint enhance video directly within photoshop extended. now you can paint add text and clone over multiple frames of an imported video sequence. smooth animation workflow easily create animations from a series of still images or video frames with a new animation palette that enables onion skinning. broad video format support including quicktime import quicktime movies and most avi and mpeg files and output video and animations to mov avi mpeg-4 flv 3g flc h.264 (ipod) and dv stream. video layers create and edit images for video with maximum quality and a broader range of color models. edit and enhance grayscale rgb cmyk and lab models at 8- 16- and 32-bit depths with color management. analyze images with precision measurement counting and edit-tracking tools 2d and 3d measurement tools extract quantitative information from images with new measurement tools. easily calibrate or set the scale of an image and then use any of the photoshop extended selection tools to define and calculate distance perimeter area and other measurements. record data points in a measurement log and export data including histogram data to a spreadsheet for further analysis. scale marker show scale in images destined for presentation or publication using the scale marker which lets you easily add a scale graphic to any image. use the ruler and count tools to quickly tally image features and measure size and distance. open annotate remove identifying patient metadata prepare for analysis convert to jpeg for presentation and more with new native dicom file support in photoshop cs3 extended. data flows freely between photoshop cs3 extended and matlab letting you instantly see the results of changes to matlab processing routines. count tool easily and accurately count objects or features in scientific images with the count tool which eliminates the need to perform manual calculations or rely on visual assessments of changes from image to image. history palette and edit history log undo and redo any set of editing steps in an open image with the history palette and automatically track all editing steps within your files with the edit history log. export steps to a text file or save them as part of image metadata for easier documentation of your work file audits and more. support for manufacturing medical and scientific workflows image stacks quickly combine a series of related images and render them into a single view using a wide variety of rendering options such as median and maximum. photoshop extended automatically analyzes and combines the images while preserving the originals. image stacks are extensible so third parties can write their own render modes. dicom support use the comprehensive photoshop extended toolset to import correct annotate analyze and create animations from dicom images. even automatically remove patient information from dicom metadata and batch save jpeg files for presentation purposes. matlab support pass image data directly between photoshop extended and matlab with the ability to call photoshop extended directly from the matlab command line. visualize results of matlab algorithms in the software and combine matlab processing with photoshop extended image editing to render test and refine algorithms for image processing analysis and more. work more productively efficient and flexible work environment streamlined interface and palette management maximize screen space for editing while keeping essential tools accessible. palettes are now arranged in convenient self-adjusting docks that can be widened to full size or narrowed to icons or even a thin self-revealing strip at the edge of your monitor. faster more flexible asset management with adobe bridge cs3 organize and manage images more efficiently with next-generation adobe bridge cs3 software which now delivers improved performance a filter panel for easier searching the ability to group multiple images under a single thumbnail the loupe tool offline image browsing and more. custom menus shortcuts and workspaces set up and save custom menus keyboard shortcuts and workspaces for quick access to what you need. streamlined workflow better raw-image processing process raw images with increased speed and superior conversion quality using the photoshop camera raw plug-in which now adds support for jpeg and tiff formats; new tools including fill light and dust busting; compatibility with adobe photoshop lightroom software; and support for over 150 camera models. enhanced pdf support work more easily with adobe pdf-based content. precisely control the size of pdf pages opened in photoshop extended; add security controls and metadata such as copyright and exposure details to images within pdf presentations; and create a richer image display in pdf presentations and documents. adobe photoshop lightroom jump from adobe photoshop lightroom software to photoshop cs3 extended in one click for advanced editing of your digital images. lightroom (sold separately) offers an efficient powerful way to import manage and present large volumes of digital images. improved printing experience experience better control over print quality with color management a larger print preview window and more controls in one place so you can print in fewer steps. improved printing controls co-developed by adobe and hp make printing easier and more predictable and streamline setup options via integration with select printers from hp epson and canon. presets make sophisticated color adjustments automatically with one-click presets in curves the channel mixer and the new black and white conversion dialog box. peak performance experience native performance on intel and powerpc based macintosh computers and on microsoft windows xp and windows vistaª systems. automated production automate common production tasks in a variety of ways. set up event-based scripts record a series of steps as an action for efficient batch processing and design repetitive graphics faster with variables. wide range of supported formats import and export an even greater range of file formats including psd bmp dicom cineon jpeg jpeg2000 openexr png targa and tiff. adobe device central cs3 visually emulate how your dynamic content will render on mobile devices using the built-in adobe device central cs3. zoomify export for high-resolution web display take advantage of adobe flash and zoomify technology to export high-resolution images to the web for viewing through adobe flash player software. flash player displays your images quickly and efficiently letting viewers zoom in on details with minimal delay. improved integration with other adobe tools enjoy better support for photoshop files in your other adobe software applications (sold separately). copy and paste photoshop files directly into adobe dreamweaver cs3 software projects import them into adobe flash cs3 professional software with high fidelity and preserve layer effects and video layers when you import them into adobe after effects cs3 professional software. third-party solutions and resources take advantage of a wealth of additional resources--including software plug-ins books and training--from the longstanding community of expert photoshop developers authors and trainers. auto-align layers can automatically connect a series of photos into a panorama (left). auto-blend layers can then seamlessly blend lighting and texture to complete the perfect composite image (right). composite and edit with unrivaled power nondestructive editing smart filters add adjust and remove filters from an image without having to resave the image or start over to preserve quality. nondestructive smart filters allow you to visualize changes without altering original pixel data. smart objects perform nondestructive scaling rotating and warping of raster and vector graphics with smart objects. even preserve the editability of vector data from adobe illustrator software. professional color and tone control color-correction enhancements take advantage of precision color correction made faster and easier. brightness/contrast now provides better results from the same intuitive interface and enhanced curves controls let you make automatic adjustments with included presets or those you create; convert to black-and-white with point sliders; and use a histogram color channel lines and a clipping preview. black-and-white conversion easily convert color images to rich black-and-white and adjust tonal values and tints with a new tool. experiment with the included black-and-white presets or create and save your own custom presets to achieve the best results. improved channel mixer take advantage of new functionality and a host of presets that make the channel mixer easier to use for black-and-white conversion. enhanced 32-bit high dynamic range (hdr) support create and edit 32-bit images and combine multiple exposures into a single 32-bit image that preserves the full range of a scene--from the deepest shadows to the brightest highlights. new image-processing and alignment algorithms deliver superior results. and with photoshop cs3 extended you can even edit 32-bit images using brushes filters blending modes transformations selections tools aspect ratios and more. intelligent image editing and enhancement more powerful cloning and healing tools experience greater control when retouching images with cloning tools and the healing brush. clone images over time; see source pixels under your tool or brush for more precise positioning; preview changes to source content live; and set multiple source points scale and rotate in the new clone source palette. rich painting and drawing toolset create or modify images with a wide assortment of professional fully customizable paint settings artistic brushes and drawing tools. + = the faster route to perfect composites& 151;auto-align layers takes the effort out of perfectly lining up the contents of multiple layers while auto-blend layers completes the task of blending together the texture and lighting from many layers into one. easy compositing and selecting advanced compositing create more accurate composites by automatically aligning multiple photoshop layers or images based on similar content. the auto-align layers command quickly analyzes details and moves rotates or warps layers to align them perfectly and the auto-blend layers command blends the color and shading to create a smooth editable result. improved photomerge technology take advantage of refined photomerge technology which uses new layer-alignment and layer-blending capabilities to let you automatically stitch horizontal or vertical photos into seamless panoramas. quick selection and refine edge tools make selections in a snap. loosely draw on an image area and the quick selection tool automatically completes the selection for you. then preview and fine-tune your selections with the refine edge tool. flexible layers composite images text and effects on hundreds of layers for extraordinarily sophisticated results. organize layers with up to five levels of nesting and save them in different combinations as layer comps. which edition of photoshop cs3 is right for you? photoshop cs3 is available in two editions--photoshop cs3 and photoshop cs3 extended--to meet the diverse needs of professionals in a wide range of fields. adobe photoshop cs3 adobe photoshop cs3 extended builds on photoshop cs2 with dozens of improvements increased productivity with a streamlined interface camera raw enhancements next-generation adobe bridge cs3 and zoomify export unrivaled editing power with live filters more precise color correction easier black-and-white conversion and more powerful cloning and healing tools breakthrough compositing with automatic layer alignment and blending capabilities easier selections and improved photomerge® technology 3d and motion support with the ability to edit 3d content and incorporate it into 2d compositions paint and clone over multiple video frames and more comprehensive image analysis with new image measurement and counting tools COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 220 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 512mb ram 64mb vram 2gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card dvd-rom drive internet or ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 182 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 196 COL r_rtable.description VAL grass valley procoder 3 continues to provide high-speed high-quality video conversion between multiple formats incorporating the existing features and workflow options found in procoder 2.0 and adding several key new features including canopus hq ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 624 COL l_ltable.description VAL stopzilla 4 offers real-time protection from spyware and adware. it's got the most advanced pop-up protection available and it also has integrated cookie cleaning and history removal. keep your pc security updated constantly with configurable alert warnings and automatic updates. make sure you always intercept unwanted intrusions and annoying online advertising. free 24/7 support via live chat email or toll free 800 number COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL roxio 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 848 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1064 COL l_ltable.description VAL emedia essential rock guitar's 45 easy-to-follow lessons range from basics such as stringing and tuning your electric guitar to playing power chords and lead licks. the lessons were developed by professional rock guitar instructor charles mccrone a graduate of the cutting edge guitar institute of technology (git) with more than 25 years of teaching experience. with these song-based lessons learning to play rock guitar is fun and easy! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL emedia 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2375 COL r_rtable.description VAL nan COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 652 COL l_ltable.description VAL vegas 6 combines real-time sd dv and hdv video editing with powerful audio tools for producing the high-quality results a professional would expect. this all-in-one environment mixes high-definition and high-fidelity for creative thinkers and editing professionals. the software delivers tremendous power incredible speed and maximum productivity in an uncomplicated efficient platform. over 30 customizable real-time audio effects including eq reverb delay and more new vst plug-in effects support -- expand your audio processing and mixing options new project nesting adds a vegas project to the timeline -- edit and apply effects COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony pictures digital entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1243 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 624 COL l_ltable.description VAL stopzilla 4 offers real-time protection from spyware and adware. it's got the most advanced pop-up protection available and it also has integrated cookie cleaning and history removal. keep your pc security updated constantly with configurable alert warnings and automatic updates. make sure you always intercept unwanted intrusions and annoying online advertising. free 24/7 support via live chat email or toll free 800 number COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL roxio 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1055 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 163 COL l_ltable.description VAL lights!&nbsp; camera!&nbsp; interactive!product informationthe leap from camcorder photography to cinematic presentation is really a simplestep with simple movie maker the novice-friendly editing software that puts youin the director's chair. effortlessly COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2754 COL r_rtable.description VAL simple to do from the click of your camera to the click of your mouse transforming your photos into a customized carousel to share has never been easier. and with simple slide show you'll have everything you need to transfer your existing ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1024 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL csdc 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2412 COL r_rtable.description VAL for mac media format cd set up a hierarchy of main headings and subpoints that can be expanded & collapsed kick start your creativity thoughts and organize a collection of ideas into a cohesive plan 1.0 cd's in set COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 517 COL l_ltable.description VAL peak le 5 makes it simple to create easy and affordable audio. craft the perfect audio experience whether you're creating the soundtrack for a film editing a broadcast or transferring your old vinyl to digital format. easily edit and customize mp3 or aac mixes for itunes. convert vinyl and cassettes to cd or ipod. optimize audio for the web enhance quicktime and imovie audio and so much more. podcasting presentations interviews - even voice mail prompts are easy and come out sounding great. high quality offline and real-time sample rate conversion powerful change duration dsp - lengthen (slow down) or shorten (speed up) audio without affecting pitch pencil tool offers direct sample editing - repair spikes and short clicks sample accurate loop creation and cd mastering for garageband and other complementary applications record edit process audio for podcasting integrates with bias soundsoap noise reduction software (available separately) display multiple documents simultaneously unlimited undo/redo with graphic edit history user-definable display size & color COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL bias 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 655 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. edius pro software can be upgraded to edius broadcast at any time. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL canopus/grass valley 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1000 COL l_ltable.description VAL enemy tanks have broken the lines and captured a city of strategic importance. your mission as an anti-tank cannon commander is to repel the occupiers and reclaim the city! the freedom of the city and all of its inhabitants depends on you! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL casual arcade 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 609 COL r_rtable.description VAL race vehicles on courses you design! get ready for rugged racing on 4 different terrains - desert tundra jungle and the country. you can design and build the track - right down to wild obstacles for crashing. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 65 COL l_ltable.description VAL halo takes you deep into the far future with the fate of humanity hanging on your shooting skills! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL macsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 97 COL r_rtable.description VAL un-chain your mind with chainz a challenging puzzle game of colorful logic. rotate links to form chains of matching colors. set up chain reactions and incorporate bonus links for big rewards. you can play at your own pace or try and beat the clock! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 717 COL l_ltable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! product information ares rising is a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. a branching storyline allows you to chart various courses to success and to replay the game in many different ways. you take responsibility for making alliances purchasing equipment and ultimately tipping the balance of power. ares rising brings together the best strategy combat resource allocation and story telling elements to enable a degree of player freedom rarely achieved. product features multiplayer action with head-to-head and team death match modes. persistent characters allow you to build power reputation and prestige through multiple game sessions. a combination of dog-fighting and strategic combat where proper consideration of advanced tactics and technologies count as much as hot dog piloting. choose from a wide range of devastating tactical weapons including cloaks auto-turrets beam weapons nuclear warheads sensor drones and ship decoys to name a few. all ai pilots work in wingmen groups. employing squadron tactics and complex maneuvers will give you a distinct advantage. system requirements windows 95 98 me only (not xp compatible) pentium 133mhz processor windows 95 with directx 5.0 (included) 16mb of ram 150mb hard drive space 2x cd-rom drive directx certified sound and video card microsoft or 100% compatible mouse recommended requirments pentium 200mhz or higher or k6 3d 32mb of ram 200mb hard drive space 12x cd-rom drive d3d supporting video card with graphics acceleration digital audio compatible sound card joystick please note: the product you are viewing is an older version that is currently in demand and a valuabl COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL interplay 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2519 COL r_rtable.description VAL software testing second edition provides practical insight into the world of software testing and quality assurance. learn how to find problems in any computer program how to plan an effective test approach and how to tell when software is ready ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 431 COL l_ltable.description VAL icopydvds2 pro edition contains all you need to copy a dvd movie quickly and easily. the interface is simple and direct just put in your movie press copy and icopydvds2 does the rest! our unique auto fit and auto burn technology creates the highest quality movie possible on a single disc every time! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL me too software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2755 COL r_rtable.description VAL the 1 selling dvd backup solution - bar none! create perfect dvd movie copies. create backups of any dvd movie. burns dvd movies from dvd to dvd. new feature: now includes burn suite 2005 new feature:capture edit and author dvd video new feature: ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 609 COL l_ltable.description VAL macbackup protects your computer from disaster. the software quickly restores your computer to its original backed up state. a step-by-step wizard makes backup simple for savinf priceless digital photos music investment and any other personal information. macbackup allows you to easily backup to any recordable cd/dvd local or alternative hard drive network location or ftp site using compression methods to maximize your storage space. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL macware 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2943 COL r_rtable.description VAL boostxp by allume - maximum pc performance! now anyone can keep their computer in peak condition! boost performance protect your pc clean-up clutter customize your pc. key benefits boost performance the most thorough way to tune-up your pc. improve ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 608 COL l_ltable.description VAL sharks terrors of the deep demonstrates the latest look and capabilities of this hot screensaver. dynamic backgrounds realistic movement and amazing animation are the latest enhancements brings the aquatic world to life. you'll swear you feel those massive tails brush you as they cruise by! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2282 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. release date: 04/01/2006 COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL navarre distribution services 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 393 COL l_ltable.description VAL obscure takes the survival-horror gaming you love and sets it in a teenage horror film. tortured screams echo through leafmore high's deserted corridors. faceless creatures lurk in the shadows. five teenagers set out to bring light into the darkness - and experience a night that will scar their souls forever. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2324 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. because the iriscard pro is a twain scanner you can also digitize your 4x6 pictures much COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 940 COL l_ltable.description VAL monopoly 3 brings the best-selling board game to the pc with fresh new features and gameplay that has captivated generations. featuring cleverly animated tokens bright 3d graphics and the choice of 10 different major city gameboards plus the classic gameboard. compete with up to six players or wheel and deal over the internet. (internet play requires optional fee.) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2075 COL r_rtable.description VAL featuring ez play today notation. turbo music (software). general midi software. book & disk package. 9x12 inches. 48 pages. published by turbo music. you're the star! packs include fully-orchestrated accompaniments on disk for each song in the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 952 COL l_ltable.description VAL 4 addictively fun favorites!product informationthis game collection includes four full-version feverishly fun games from theexperts at hoyle!&nbsp; round up your family and friends for loads of fun.&nbsp;whether its cards slots mahjongg or pool there's so COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2583 COL r_rtable.description VAL overview with over 87 years of experience and a global reputation for unsurpassed excellence world book 2006 is firmly established as the premier reference source for students parents teachers and librarians. now the 1 name in reliability and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 865 COL l_ltable.description VAL from decks to daisies swimming pools to sunflowers a world of landscaping possibilities are available on users' desktops. more than just a layout program 3d home architect landscape design version 8 delivers photo realistic 3d renderings of personal landscape plans in changing light throughout the seasons and more. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3219 COL r_rtable.description VAL 3d home architect landscape v.8by encore software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 370 COL l_ltable.description VAL allegro 2005 provides professional-grade instrument sounds terrific marching percussion and more options for getting music on the page. human playback adds dynamics and phrasing to your music making it sound the way you'd like to hear it performed. add two- and three-voice harmonies to your melodies and include multiple drum grooves and styles automatically. allegro can also play back via your midi device or through the included smartmusic soundfont. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL makemusic! 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1613 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: mac os x v10.3.9 or later 1ghz g4/g4/intel mac 256 mb ram 1 gb hd space 32 mb vram internet connection (for net play) COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 815 COL l_ltable.description VAL pitstop pro 7.0 COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL enfocus software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 655 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. edius pro software can be upgraded to edius broadcast at any time. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL canopus/grass valley 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 164 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1176 COL r_rtable.description VAL summitsoft wedding fonts offers a collection of hand selected fonts ranging from fancy and decorative to traditional and refined. take your pick of fonts for all types of wedding stationary such as invitations rsvps thank you cards place settings ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 999 COL l_ltable.description VAL welcome to the funny farm!product information>moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertainingfarming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at thegeneral store. protect your sheep from wild wolves by keeping them COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL casual arcade 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2891 COL r_rtable.description VAL professional and impressive!imprinted with your business name and address!guaranteed compatible with your quickbooks(r) and quickbooks for windows(r) software.neat and clean. no carbon to touch. runs easily and smoothly through your printer without ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 608 COL l_ltable.description VAL sharks terrors of the deep demonstrates the latest look and capabilities of this hot screensaver. dynamic backgrounds realistic movement and amazing animation are the latest enhancements brings the aquatic world to life. you'll swear you feel those massive tails brush you as they cruise by! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 827 COL r_rtable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 601 COL l_ltable.description VAL garageband jam pack: world music lets you assemble intriguing musical compositions from 300 apple loops from nearly every corner of the globe. rare and exotic instruments from asia africa the middle east india europe the united kingdom south and central america cuba and jamaica are all at your fingertips. over 3000 apple loops and 40 software instruments add exotic flavor to your garageband compositions or add creative flair to projects in imovie idvd and iphoto. this is an auxiliary pack for owners of garageband (or logic express 7 or logic pro) software COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3069 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements a macintosh computer with a powerpc g4 or greater processor at least 512 megabytes (mb) of ram; 1 gigabyte (gb) recommended mac os x version 10.3 quicktime 6.5.2 or higher dvd drive for installation 12 gb of available disk space ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 471 COL l_ltable.description VAL agatha christie's acclaimed mystery novel has become a movie a play and has even spawned many copycats. you are part of a delicious diabolical situation involving murder with cunning secrets and twisting scenarios cavorting ominously in this clever whodunit. could it be you....that winds up dead? 10 people strangers to each other are invited to a lush estate on an island. through a recording their mysterious host accuses each of his ?guests' of murder and proceeds to exact ?justice.' the tension mounts as one-by-one the number of people are reduced through the ingenious plotting of the unseen killer. prepare to play the video game based on the best selling murder mystery of all time! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1259 COL r_rtable.description VAL agatha christies world-famous novel and then there were none is brought to the pc with all of its original baffling suspense! 10 people strangers to each other are invited to a lavish estate on an island. through a recording their mysterious ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1355 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL core learning 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 827 COL r_rtable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1271 COL l_ltable.description VAL mediarecover gives you the ability to recover files you were positively convinced were gone forever - even if you've deleted them. losing memories of vacations and fun times is bad enough but losing important business files can threaten your livelihood. you owe it to yourself to be prepared. mediarecover's 3-step recovery process ensures you can access your photos music and files when you need to! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aladdin systems 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2033 COL r_rtable.description VAL mediapilot effortlessly migrates the audio and video files from your ipod to pc records unlimited music from your audio player and clips your music to upload to your phone as ringtones or music player. kit includes software bluetooth adapter mul COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1063 COL l_ltable.description VAL the panda antivirus 2007 makes protecting your computer as easy as possible because it automatically blocks and removes all types of viruses and spyware so you can surf the internet send and receive email play games download files chat online... and relax. plus its small and super-efficient so your computer runs faster! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL panda software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1649 COL r_rtable.description VAL ca antivirus 2007 is an award-winning antivirus solution that provides complete protection detection and eleimnation of thousands of computer viruses worms and trogan horse programs. system requirements: 10 mb hard disk space COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 979 COL l_ltable.description VAL you've landed on the new world. ready to stake your claim? so is everybody else. so have some before you. many will follow after you. how do you attain satisfaction wealth and power? then manage to keep it? it takes lots of strategic thinking. if you think other are standing idylly by you're wrong. it's going to be rough and nasty. crush your enemies with devastating cannons rifled infantry and your naval fleet. build a thriving empire with a booming economy. form strategic alliances with native americans. universal binary - works with both intel and powerpc macs gamespy top 5 game of the year 2005 award system requirements (tentative) - macintosh computer with a g4/g5 or intel processor running at 1.4ghz or faster mac os x v10.3.9 or higher 512mb ram 64 mb video card (with support for hardware t & l). 56k dial-up internet access or lan for online play COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL destineer 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2912 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: subject to change g4/g5 or intel processor running at 1.4ghz or faster mac os x v10.3.9 or higher 512mb ram 64 mb video card (with support for hardware t & l). 56k dial-up internet access or lan for online play COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1131 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL simply put software llc 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3141 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: simple to use import photos rate favorite photos many edit options share photos show me how tutorials ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 182 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 636 COL r_rtable.description VAL as addictive as it is exciting luxor provides hours of action-puzzle excitement as you journey through 88 mind-blowing levels in your quest to save egypt. enjoy a totally addictive action-puzzle adventure! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1221 COL l_ltable.description VAL note: this is the upgrade version of adobe premiere pro cs3. tell your story with maximum impact using adobe premiere pro cs3 upgrade software the start-to-finish solution for efficient video production that now includes adobe encore cs3 and adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only) formerly the award-winning dv rack hd. save time from on-set capture using adobe onlocation through to output expand your creative options via integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop and deliver your content to dvd blu-ray disc the web and mobile devices. the powerful editing finishing and delivery tools in adobe premiere pro are now available on both mac and windows operating systems. maintain control of your media with multiple project panels customizable panel display settings and instant file searches. export adobe encore cs3 projects as dvd blu-ray disc or flash. when you export as flash encore generates html flv and swf files that provide dvd-style chapter selection playback and interactivity through the flash player. capture edit and deliver to video dvd and the web adobe premiere pro cs3 software available for both mac and windows streamlines the entire video production process from direct-to-disk recording through editing to final delivery for tape disc the web and mobile devices. adobe premiere pro cs3 redefines productivity and flexibility for capturing editing and delivering video content. video professionals want to concentrate on storytelling--not on the nuts and bolts of production--and adobe premiere pro cs3 frees you to focus on telling your story. maximize image quality and work faster during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 software (requires windows and boot camp for mac ) included with adobe premiere pro to calibrate cameras monitor video signals and record directly to disk--all during the shoot. edit every major video format from dv to hd and beyond with adobe premiere pro cs3. improve efficiency and creativity with new workflow and new visual effects features. save time and expand creative options through tight integration with other adobe software including adobe after effects cs3 and adobe photoshop cs3. adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you author once and then output to blu-ray disc dvd and flash swf for the web. adobe premiere pro supports additional delivery platforms including flash and mobile devices letting you reach the widest audience possible. audience benefit corporate and government video producers--adobe premiere pro cs3 provides the tools you need to ensure excellent production values while working quickly to stay on schedule. edit with precise control add stunning effects and move content smoothly to adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop for even more creative control. streamline the review process with adobe clip notes and output to multiple formats quickly and easily to reach more people everywhere. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you communicate with high-quality video and imagery even with tight budgets and looming deadlines. event videographers--small crews and tight deadlines mean you need to work fast even while clients demand higher and higher production values. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you capture events directly to disc with included adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only); work fast with precision editing tools including support for editing multicam shots; create compelling effects via tight integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop cs3; and use the included copy of adobe encore cs3 to deliver content however your clients need it whether on dvd blu-ray disc the web or mobile devices. independent filmmakers--your passion is storytelling. your challenge is finding the right software to handle every aspect of the production process and deliver hollywood-quality imagery. adobe premiere pro cs3 meets this need with a complete toolset for capturing footage direct-to-disc editing imagery and creating titles in post-production producing dvds and delivering web-ready content to promote your films on the internet. and with the included video workshop and training materials you'll have help through every stage of production. post-production boutiques--enjoy advanced editing tools as well as the uncompromised image quality and real-time performance you need in professional broadcast and film post-production. work with all major formats enjoy powerful effects and media management tools get unparalleled integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop software and increase efficiency with workflow enhancements such as adobe clip notes. with adobe premiere pro cs3 and adobe encore cs3 you can deliver your work in the format your client needs from adobe flash video through dvd and blu-ray disc to uncompressed hd. educators and students--adobe premiere pro cs3 offers a complete set of post-production tools that let you handle all aspects of filmmaking and post-production cost effectively from capturing and editing footage to creating titles dvds and promotional materials such as websites that feature video content. use flexible tools to express your creativity work with any file format on both windows and macintosh platforms and deliver your work across multiple media. what's new in adobe premiere pro cs3k dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. high-quality slow motion with time remapping create dramatic slow- and fast-motion effects without exporting clips to another application. with precise keyframe control real-time feedback and excellent quality from advanced frame blending you can slow things down without compromising quality. or generate even better in-between frames through pixel-motion analysis with the timewarp effect. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only) save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. adobe encore cs3 projects for the web with one click easily create adobe flash versions of your dvd and blu-ray disc projects for the web. use adobe encore cs3 to create flash content complete with dvd interactivity and menus without learning flash programming. multiple project windows with smart file search find files faster with search tools that instantly update their results list as you type. sort and organize assets into multiple project windows each with its own graphical or text view setting. display and handle media files making project management easier and more efficient. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. create stunning slow-motion and other retiming effects directly in the timeline by setting and moving time remapping keyframe markers. improve the look of your video with the three-way color corrector and the other precision color-correction tools in adobe premiere pro. improved editing efficiency work faster with powerful and flexible editing tools. play video with nested audio sequences in real time without rendering. replace any clip in the timeline with a new clip while preserving the replaced clip's editing attributes and settings. use shortcuts to switch between workspace panels and save time. output for mobile devices make your video viewable on the latest delivery platforms. encode video for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and simulate playback on those devices to check video quality. download profile updates to simulate the latest devices. flash video export with markers converted to cue points encode video and audio for flash projects and web playback with direct flash video (flv) export. adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline markers become flash cue points that trigger interactivity and navigation. create flash video with ease. improve efficiency and incorporate a tapeless workflow during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3* to monitor your camera's video signal and record it directly to a computer hard drive. the multi-camera window makes editing action recorded with several cameras or in multiple takes as easy as pointing and clicking. additional features efficient tools for creative editing create high-quality visual and editorial effects directly within the editing timeline. generate slow motion and other time-remapping effects with precise keyframe control and real-time feedback. add color correction lighting and other effects audio filters and more with fast flexible and built-in tools. edit footage from multicam shoots with ease and precision. comprehensive video format compatibility work with the formats you want. edit all standard- or high-definition formats from dv through hdv to hd and beyond (some formats may require additional hardware). broad range of supporting hardware and software for mac and windows choose from a wide range of mac and windows workstations and capture cards to build the editing system that exactly meets your needs and budget. enhance your system with additional plug-ins including many from adobe after effects software. dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. superior integration with other adobe applications make the leading still and motion graphics applications adobe photoshop and after effects part of an efficient post-production workflow. import and animate photoshop layers. automatically create photoshop files that match the current project's frame size and aspect ratio. drag and drop or copy and paste clips and timelines between adobe premiere pro cs3 and after effects cs3 professional. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3* (windows only) save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. delivery to the web and mobile devices make your video viewable on today's and tomorrow's delivery platforms. export as adobe flash video (flv). easily convert dvd projects complete with menus to flash swf files for web playback. encode for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and emulate playback on those devices to check playback quality. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. multicam editing view multiple video tracks from a multiple-camera shoot easily sync via timecode and edit by switching between tracks in real time. rerecord sections of your edit make fine adjustments using all the standard timeline editing tools and easily adjust color correction across multiple shots even after editing. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. mac os x compatibility use adobe premiere pro cs3 on the latest intel based macintosh computers. aaf and edl import/export exchange project metadata with major video film and audio applications via industry-standard advanced authoring format (aaf) aaf with edit protocol and edit decision list (edl) files (aaf import/export for windows only). comprehensive vtr support control video decks through rs-422 and rs-232 serial protocols or firewire for precise batch capturing recapturing and insert editing. file management with adobe bridge work more efficiently by using adobe bridge cs3 to search for and access your project files preview and apply settings run batch processes and tag assets with xmp metadata. * for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires boot camp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows based computer. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 111 COL r_rtable.description VAL multicore intel® processor (adobe® onlocation? cs3 is a windows application that may be used on macintosh using boot camp and windows sold separately) mac os x v.10.4.9 1gb of ram for dv; 2gb of ram for hdv and hd 10gb of available hard-disk space ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 940 COL l_ltable.description VAL monopoly 3 brings the best-selling board game to the pc with fresh new features and gameplay that has captivated generations. featuring cleverly animated tokens bright 3d graphics and the choice of 10 different major city gameboards plus the classic gameboard. compete with up to six players or wheel and deal over the internet. (internet play requires optional fee.) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3169 COL r_rtable.description VAL a horrific ritualistic murder has taken place in an upscale hotel. enter gus macpherson a former american private detective now hired by a mysterious and sensuous woman sophia blake to find out who murdered her beloved sister and brother-in-law ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1081 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony media software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 383 COL r_rtable.description VAL startopia takes gamers to a once thriving galactic network of starships space stations and planets left lifeless with redundant scars of the apocalypse. as stationmaster your mission is to rebuild the abandoned space stations reunite the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 318 COL l_ltable.description VAL the sims was one of the most popular games ever made. in it players micromanage the lives of a family of virtual people or sims and influence their paths toward success or something akin to a nervous breakdown. its open-ended blend of cartoonish behavior and everyday living is unique in an art form otherwise obsessed with carnage and sports. with the sims 2 longtime fans now have a deeper game with lots of ways to customize and share their experiences. the game will also attract first-timers because the goal-oriented gameplay and the luridly fun starter families make it easier to get into the action right out of the box. now sims are born with the traits of their parents families grow and sims grow old. the people in your neighborhood the game starts at the neighborhood level. here you can create a housing development from scratch or start with one of three premade neighborhoods each with its own theme. from there you'll settle on a house and a family of sims to control. create your own sim (above) or your own house (below) from scratch with advanced tools. aside from the basic needs carried over from the previous game sims now have aspirations wants and fears. the wants and fears are the day-to-day things that occupy their minds like wanting to see friends or get married and fearing death or being rejected for a kiss. satisfy their wants and they become more efficient at completing tasks you assign them. realize their fears and sims become lethargic cranky and unresponsive to your commands. aspirations are the big-picture things like raising a family becoming wealthy and gaining knowledge. succeed here and you'll be able to buy odd gifts for your sim to improve his or her life like a money tree that pays dividends or a fountain of youth water cooler. what else is new? of course you wouldn't be able to juggle all that if it weren't for the improved free will option which makes it easier for sims to fulfill their basic needs. the artificial intelligence of the game is noticeably improved; they won't turn on radios just as a family member is going to bed but strangely they do occasionally put their dishes on the floor. another big change in the series is the concept of the lifespan. now sims are born with the traits of their parents families grow and sims grow old. not only does this go hand in hand with aspirations (growing up is the first aspiration that a baby sim will have) it provides a limited time with which your sims can achieve their goals. the universal control panel helps you manage your sim family. a family affair the sims 2 not only lets you create just about any type of sim in any type of family build elaborate houses and even create a neighborhood from scratch but it also allows you to start the game in medias res with premade households. these families all have backstories that are smart spoofs of soap-opera plots--lots of scheming romance ghosts and family fighting. parents of teens shouldn't worry though because nudity is tastefully blurred out and woo-hoo between sims takes place completely under the covers. the esrb has given this a teen rating. if the sims 2 were a film it would likely land between pg and pg-13. the makers have included some nice tools to help share the universe you've created. for example you can capture in-game stills and video to show friends the private moments family interactions and house parties of your sims. you can even package a household to share as a blog or an album on a special web site. the sims 2 is for patient gamers. like life itself the game is filled with mundane details like getting ready for work and doing dishes. the game also demands a level of creativity from its players that the run-and-gun game genres wouldn't know what to do with. but those who stick with it will be rewarded with an absorbing amusing diversion and a virtual family history that they've created themselves. --porter b. hall set up a sims 2 machinima studio amazon.com contributor porter hall reveals how you can make movies using the sims as your actors. see his guide to setting up a sims 2 machinima studio. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 441 COL r_rtable.description VAL the big mix by allume systems for mac play it. mix it. rock it. unleash your talent. become the next superstar or the hottest dj. the big mix delivers the goods. this collection will let you rock the world or just listen to the music. so let the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 393 COL l_ltable.description VAL obscure takes the survival-horror gaming you love and sets it in a teenage horror film. tortured screams echo through leafmore high's deserted corridors. faceless creatures lurk in the shadows. five teenagers set out to bring light into the darkness - and experience a night that will scar their souls forever. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 827 COL r_rtable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 230 COL l_ltable.description VAL exciting activities that develop matching reasoning& critical thinking skillsproduct informationlittle golden books have been trusted by parents for more than 60 years. nowsome of the best-loved stories come to life on your computer. read along as you COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3218 COL r_rtable.description VAL read along as your favorite golden books characters engage kids in countless activities. the exciting activities will help develop matching reasoning & critical thinking skills which include letter matching coloring time follow along and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 35 COL l_ltable.description VAL based on the school zone workbook series this program teaches critical math skills with interactive activities and fun games. proven curriculum audio guidance and clear examples help your child master addition subtraction multiplication place values and other skills. the program randomizes problems with each use providing endless activities. the engaging games provide a helpful break. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL school zone 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1850 COL r_rtable.description VAL mobile find plus 411 directory search delivers fast easy wireless access to residential and business listings maps and driving directions for your pocket pc palm(tm) or wireless phone - when and where you need it. find phone numbers and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 34 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL school zone 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 97 COL r_rtable.description VAL un-chain your mind with chainz a challenging puzzle game of colorful logic. rotate links to form chains of matching colors. set up chain reactions and incorporate bonus links for big rewards. you can play at your own pace or try and beat the clock! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1037 COL l_ltable.description VAL window washer (win 98 me 2000 xp) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL webroot software inc 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3216 COL r_rtable.description VAL nature's ultimate predator has been unleashed. you are jaws! prey upon fearsome bosses: killer whales giant squid and more. devour everything in sight and terrorize the amity island community. wreak havoc with a range of underwater surface and air ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 296 COL l_ltable.description VAL is your computer running slower due to unwanted garbage and junk left in your system? just from normal everyday use your computer becomes clogged with junk registry files littered file fragments on your hard drive and other unnecessary files. now you can safely clean all that up with a single click with quickstart pc cleaner xp! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL selectsoft publishing 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 281 COL r_rtable.description VAL is your computer running slower due to unwanted garbage and junk left in your system? just from normal everyday use your computer becomes clogged with junk registry files littered file fragments on your hard drive and other unnecessary files. now ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 414 COL l_ltable.description VAL acid pro 5 puts total composition and editing power in the hands of the producer. it's the first loop-based music creation application for almost any level of musical expertise. it's got all the features you need to produce truly professional results. includes more than 1 000 loops from the sony sound series - loops & samples collection plus the native instrument xpress keyboards vsti soft synth bundle COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1126 COL r_rtable.description VAL keep your pc safe! zonealarm pro incorporates award-winning firewall technology with privacy features to help keep you and your computer safe. zonealarm pro blocks hackers data thieves worms and over 47 types of malicious e-mail attachments. it ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1361 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL individual software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1738 COL r_rtable.description VAL system care professional eliminates the hassles of setting up managing and protecting your home network. easily set up file and printer sharing between your home computers with just a few mouse clicks. its intuitive information network management ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 34 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL school zone 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 383 COL r_rtable.description VAL startopia takes gamers to a once thriving galactic network of starships space stations and planets left lifeless with redundant scars of the apocalypse. as stationmaster your mission is to rebuild the abandoned space stations reunite the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1028 COL l_ltable.description VAL capitalizing on the popularity of the ipod psp and zen vision vault360 combo allows consumers to transfer dvd's vcd's svcd's recorded tv or video files and now the addition of music and photos stored on their computers or from disc and many other sources to their device. vault360 directly connects to their device allowing for easy memory management. system requirements: pentium 3 1ghz or equivalent 256 ram 5 400 rpm 20+ gig hard drive 1024 x 768 24-bit graphics card windows xp operating system dvd- rom drive format: win xp COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL navarre (software) 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 267 COL r_rtable.description VAL nan COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1050 COL l_ltable.description VAL photo explosion® deluxe 3.0 delivers powerful photo editing features spectacular special effects and professional-quality photo projects - all together in one complete suite offering millions of creative combinations. it's packed with exciting new features designed to unlock the power of your digital camera. improve your photos with one-click smartenhance& 153; red-eye removal and a full array of easy-to-use photo editing tools. then create eye-catching photo calendars scrapbooks wide-angle panoramas and more or even morph one photo into another. this deluxe edition lets you burn photo slide shows onto cds that you can watch on tv with family and friends using most dvd players. you can also view your photos on mobile phones handhelds and ipods. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL nova development 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1474 COL r_rtable.description VAL photo explosion deluxe 2.0 delivers powerful photo editing features spectacular special effects and professional-quality photo projects - all together in one program. this software makes digital photography even easier. and its packed with exciting ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 749 COL l_ltable.description VAL arcserve bkup protection suite exch r11.5 upg-v prod only COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL computer associates 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2055 COL r_rtable.description VAL brightstor arcserve backup protection suite for exchange r11.5 upgrade from anyprevious version - multi-language - service pack 1 - product only COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 90 COL l_ltable.description VAL a rich and intriguing adventure in a&nbsp; world where murders are committed according to ancestral mystic beliefs...where nothing will be the same again. product informationa frightening ritualistic murder has taken place in an upscale hotel COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3167 COL r_rtable.description VAL from chaos comes order. private prisons have become the new growth industry. you will construct and run an efficient rehabilitation facility with nothing but money on your mind. there's no escaping under your watchful eye as you oversee every detail ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 594 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1020 COL r_rtable.description VAL overview phonics success deluxe 2006give the student in your life the chance to maximize reading skills with phonics success deluxe 2006. the self-paced instructional course is an award-winning educator-endorsed system that utilizes absorbing ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 136 COL l_ltable.description VAL gone are the days of mom and dad missing their chance at bingo to pull numbers out of a bag! now the whole family can play along with live bingo the only interactive dvd game featuring this classic family activity. let live bingo's exciting sound effects dynamic 3d graphics and live bingo calls bring new levels of excitement to your family's traditional game of bingo. game includes 1 live bingo dvd 25 double-sided wipe-clean bingo cards and marker pens. for 2 or more players ages 8 and up. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL imagination international 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 382 COL r_rtable.description VAL you've watched the excitement of er now experience it firsthand! as the new er intern at chicago's county general hospital your career starts out easily enough as you treat a manageable number of patients sporting minor cuts and bruises. however ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 560 COL l_ltable.description VAL expansion pack; requires sims 2 to run in the sims 2: university you'll get a chance to take your sim to college. watch as they enjoy their newfound freedom -- they'll party with friends join fraternities and sororities and pull outrageous pranks. help them fulfill new lifetime goals to unlock more rewards and reap all of the benefits of their university years. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3224 COL r_rtable.description VAL final system requirements will be set approximately 4-6 weeks to a game?s ship date. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1050 COL l_ltable.description VAL photo explosion® deluxe 3.0 delivers powerful photo editing features spectacular special effects and professional-quality photo projects - all together in one complete suite offering millions of creative combinations. it's packed with exciting new features designed to unlock the power of your digital camera. improve your photos with one-click smartenhance& 153; red-eye removal and a full array of easy-to-use photo editing tools. then create eye-catching photo calendars scrapbooks wide-angle panoramas and more or even morph one photo into another. this deluxe edition lets you burn photo slide shows onto cds that you can watch on tv with family and friends using most dvd players. you can also view your photos on mobile phones handhelds and ipods. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL nova development 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 588 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: size crop and repair organize photos add frames and borders create calendars and scrapbooks ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1182 COL l_ltable.description VAL note: this is the upgrade version of adobe photoshop cs3 extended. ideal for film video and multimedia professionals and graphic and web designers using 3d and motion as well as professionals in engineering and science adobe photoshop cs3 extended upgrade software delivers everything in photoshop cs3 and more. render and incorporate 3d images into your 2d composites. stop time with easy editing of motion graphics on video layers. and probe your images with measurement analysis and visualization tools. the professional standard now comes in two versions& 151;photoshop cs3 and photoshop cs3 extended with additional features and enhancements for specialized image professionals. the clone stamp and healing brush tools now feature an overlay preview of the source areas. the loupe tool in adobe bridge cs3 lets you easily zoom into the fine detail of any image. zoomify export allows you to efficiently display even the highest resolution imagery over low bandwidth web connections. edit 3d and motion-based images adobe photoshop cs3 extended includes key new capabilities that let you incorporate 3d and motion-based content into your image editing workflow. now you can render 3d content into your 2d composites edit existing textures on 3d models and embed your edited models into adobe pdf files for easy collaboration with colleagues. plus you can animate video frames paint and clone over multiple video frames and import and export video files in a wide range of formats. analyze images with precision photoshop cs3 extended helps professionals in manufacturing medicine architecture engineering and scientific research gain more insight from images. measurement and counting tools enable analysis of 2d and 3d images. matlab users can pull image data from photoshop extended into matlab and visualize results of matlab algorithms back in the software. and medical professionals can correct annotate and analyze dicom files. adobe bridge for photoshop cs3 extended features faster performance the filters panel to quickly narrow your view the new loupe tool for close-up inspection of any image and much more. photoshop cs3 extended enables you to open native 3d file formats manipulate the models in 3d space open and edit textures applied to the models and then easily composite the results with 2d images. new features for motion graphics professionals in photoshop cs3 extended include cloning and healing over time with the help of the new clone source palette and preview overlays the enhanced animation palette for time-based editing and native video layers in color depths from 8- to 32-bit. brushes layers and selections are just three of the core editing features now available for 32-bit hdr images exclusively in photoshop cs3 extended. work more productively with improved performance throughout the editing workflow photoshop cs3 extended helps you work more productively--even when editing the most specialized images. experience native performance on both intel and powerpc based macs and on microsoft windows vistaª systems. maximize your workspace with a streamlined interface process raw images with increased speed and quality and manage assets more efficiently in the revamped adobe bridge cs3. composite and edit with unrivaled power leverage the power of the industry standard for the utmost creative control in image editing and compositing. now you can apply filters nondestructively manage and correct color more easily convert color images to rich black-and-white with one click and retouch images with more powerful cloning and healing tools. plus you can enjoy advanced compositing with breakthrough tools for aligning and blending layers automatically and making image selections with one brush stroke. product highlights experience smooth handling of 3d and motion-based content. gain deeper insights from your images with new measurement and analysis tools. boost your productivity with a streamlined interface enhancements to raw-image processing and asset management workflows and more. achieve your vision with unrivaled power to edit composite and experiment. audience benefit film video and multimedia professionals and graphic and web designers using 3d and motion--with adobe photoshop cs3 extended software you can now leverage the power of the photoshop image-editing toolset and paint engine when editing 3d and motion-based content for film video the web and mobile devices. manufacturing and design engineers--with adobe photoshop cs3 extended software you can easily import rotate and create different rendering modes and edit existing textures on 3d models to enhance 3d content or create compelling composites of 2d and 3d content. medical professionals--adobe photoshop cs3 extended software helps you improve patient care with powerful tools for documenting and analyzing treatment and visualizing potential outcomes. architects and engineers--adobe photoshop cs3 extended software helps you communicate your vision clearly and make an impact with all of your drawings and designs. scientific researchers--adobe photoshop cs3 extended software delivers new tools for analyzing and extracting data from images and offers powerful presentation capabilities to help you communicate your discoveries. students and educators--with features designed for professionals in video and motion graphics production manufacturing medicine architecture engineering and scientific research adobe photoshop cs3 extended software is a key new tool for students pursuing careers in these fields and for their instructors. product overview get everything in adobe photoshop cs3 software and more with photoshop cs3 extended which enables you to edit 3d and motion-based content and perform image analysis. edit 3d and motion-based images 3d image editing 3d compositing and texture editing easily render and incorporate rich 3d content into your 2d composites--even edit textures on 3d models directly within photoshop extended and immediately see the results. photoshop extended supports common 3d interchange formats including 3ds obj u3d kmz and collada so you can import view and interact with most 3d models. integration with adobe acrobat 8 software create modify and collaborate on 3d content more easily through tight integration between photoshop cs3 extended and acrobat 3d software. convert myriad 3d cad formats to the robust u3d interchange format enhance models and create composites with photoshop extended and easily embed 3d models created in photoshop extended into pdf files to distribute for review. enhanced vanishing point with 3d support edit in perspective on multiple surfaces--even those connected at angles other than 90 degrees--with the enhanced vanishing point which also lets you measure in perspective; wrap graphics images and text around multiple planes; and output 2d planes as 3d models. video and animation design movie paint enhance video directly within photoshop extended. now you can paint add text and clone over multiple frames of an imported video sequence. smooth animation workflow easily create animations from a series of still images or video frames with a new animation palette that enables onion skinning. broad video format support including quicktime import quicktime movies and most avi and mpeg files and output video and animations to mov avi mpeg-4 flv 3g flc h.264 (ipod) and dv stream. video layers create and edit images for video with maximum quality and a broader range of color models. edit and enhance grayscale rgb cmyk and lab models at 8- 16- and 32-bit depths with color management. analyze images with precision measurement counting and edit-tracking tools 2d and 3d measurement tools extract quantitative information from images with new measurement tools. easily calibrate or set the scale of an image and then use any of the photoshop extended selection tools to define and calculate distance perimeter area and other measurements. record data points in a measurement log and export data including histogram data to a spreadsheet for further analysis. scale marker show scale in images destined for presentation or publication using the scale marker which lets you easily add a scale graphic to any image. use the ruler and count tools to quickly tally image features and measure size and distance. open annotate remove identifying patient metadata prepare for analysis convert to jpeg for presentation and more with new native dicom file support in photoshop cs3 extended. count tool easily and accurately count objects or features in scientific images with the count tool which eliminates the need to perform manual calculations or rely on visual assessments of changes from image to image. history palette and edit history log undo and redo any set of editing steps in an open image with the history palette and automatically track all editing steps within your files with the edit history log. export steps to a text file or save them as part of image metadata for easier documentation of your work file audits and more. support for manufacturing medical and scientific workflows image stacks quickly combine a series of related images and render them into a single view using a wide variety of rendering options such as median and maximum. photoshop extended automatically analyzes and combines the images while preserving the originals. image stacks are extensible so third parties can write their own render modes. dicom support use the comprehensive photoshop extended toolset to import correct annotate analyze and create animations from dicom images. even automatically remove patient information from dicom metadata and batch save jpeg files for presentation purposes. matlab support pass image data directly between photoshop extended and matlab with the ability to call photoshop extended directly from the matlab command line. visualize results of matlab algorithms in the software and combine matlab processing with photoshop extended image editing to render test and refine algorithms for image processing analysis and more. work more productively efficient and flexible work environment streamlined interface and palette management maximize screen space for editing while keeping essential tools accessible. palettes are now arranged in convenient self-adjusting docks that can be widened to full size or narrowed to icons or even a thin self-revealing strip at the edge of your monitor. faster more flexible asset management with adobe bridge cs3 organize and manage images more efficiently with next-generation adobe bridge cs3 software which now delivers improved performance a filter panel for easier searching the ability to group multiple images under a single thumbnail the loupe tool offline image browsing and more. custom menus shortcuts and workspaces set up and save custom menus keyboard shortcuts and workspaces for quick access to what you need. streamlined workflow better raw-image processing process raw images with increased speed and superior conversion quality using the photoshop camera raw plug-in which now adds support for jpeg and tiff formats; new tools including fill light and dust busting; compatibility with adobe photoshop lightroom software; and support for over 150 camera models. enhanced pdf support work more easily with adobe pdf-based content. precisely control the size of pdf pages opened in photoshop extended; add security controls and metadata such as copyright and exposure details to images within pdf presentations; and create a richer image display in pdf presentations and documents. adobe photoshop lightroom jump from adobe photoshop lightroom software to photoshop cs3 extended in one click for advanced editing of your digital images. lightroom (sold separately) offers an efficient powerful way to import manage and present large volumes of digital images. improved printing experience experience better control over print quality with color management a larger print preview window and more controls in one place so you can print in fewer steps. improved printing controls co-developed by adobe and hp make printing easier and more predictable and streamline setup options via integration with select printers from hp epson and canon. presets make sophisticated color adjustments automatically with one-click presets in curves the channel mixer and the new black and white conversion dialog box. peak performance experience native performance on intel and powerpc based macintosh computers and on microsoft windows xp and windows vistaª systems. automated production automate common production tasks in a variety of ways. set up event-based scripts record a series of steps as an action for efficient batch processing and design repetitive graphics faster with variables. wide range of supported formats import and export an even greater range of file formats including psd bmp dicom cineon jpeg jpeg2000 openexr png targa and tiff. adobe device central cs3 visually emulate how your dynamic content will render on mobile devices using the built-in adobe device central cs3. zoomify export for high-resolution web display take advantage of adobe flash and zoomify technology to export high-resolution images to the web for viewing through adobe flash player software. flash player displays your images quickly and efficiently letting viewers zoom in on details with minimal delay. improved integration with other adobe tools enjoy better support for photoshop files in your other adobe software applications (sold separately). copy and paste photoshop files directly into adobe dreamweaver cs3 software projects import them into adobe flash cs3 professional software with high fidelity and preserve layer effects and video layers when you import them into adobe after effects cs3 professional software. third-party solutions and resources take advantage of a wealth of additional resources--including software plug-ins books and training--from the longstanding community of expert photoshop developers authors and trainers. auto-align layers can automatically connect a series of photos into a panorama (left). auto-blend layers can then seamlessly blend lighting and texture to complete the perfect composite image (right). composite and edit with unrivaled power maximize screen space for editing while keeping essential tools accessible. faster performance highest quality conversion and new lighting controls are some of the new hallmarks of camera raw in photoshop cs3. simple intuitive point-and-click monochrome conversion is yours with the new black and white adjustment. the new print interface in photoshop cs3 gathers all of the options you need in one easier-to-use dialog box. nondestructive editing smart filters add adjust and remove filters from an image without having to resave the image or start over to preserve quality. nondestructive smart filters allow you to visualize changes without altering original pixel data. smart objects perform nondestructive scaling rotating and warping of raster and vector graphics with smart objects. even preserve the editability of vector data from adobe illustrator software. professional color and tone control color-correction enhancements take advantage of precision color correction made faster and easier. brightness/contrast now provides better results from the same intuitive interface and enhanced curves controls let you make automatic adjustments with included presets or those you create; convert to black-and-white with point sliders; and use a histogram color channel lines and a clipping preview. black-and-white conversion easily convert color images to rich black-and-white and adjust tonal values and tints with a new tool. experiment with the included black-and-white presets or create and save your own custom presets to achieve the best results. improved channel mixer take advantage of new functionality and a host of presets that make the channel mixer easier to use for black-and-white conversion. enhanced 32-bit high dynamic range (hdr) support create and edit 32-bit images and combine multiple exposures into a single 32-bit image that preserves the full range of a scene--from the deepest shadows to the brightest highlights. new image-processing and alignment algorithms deliver superior results. and with photoshop cs3 extended you can even edit 32-bit images using brushes filters blending modes transformations selections tools aspect ratios and more. intelligent image editing and enhancement more powerful cloning and healing tools experience greater control when retouching images with cloning tools and the healing brush. clone images over time; see source pixels under your tool or brush for more precise positioning; preview changes to source content live; and set multiple source points scale and rotate in the new clone source palette. rich painting and drawing toolset create or modify images with a wide assortment of professional fully customizable paint settings artistic brushes and drawing tools. + = the faster route to perfect composites& 151;auto-align layers takes the effort out of perfectly lining up the contents of multiple layers while auto-blend layers completes the task of blending together the texture and lighting from many layers into one. easy compositing and selecting advanced compositing create more accurate composites by automatically aligning multiple photoshop layers or images based on similar content. the auto-align layers command quickly analyzes details and moves rotates or warps layers to align them perfectly and the auto-blend layers command blends the color and shading to create a smooth editable result. improved photomerge technology take advantage of refined photomerge technology which uses new layer-alignment and layer-blending capabilities to let you automatically stitch horizontal or vertical photos into seamless panoramas. quick selection and refine edge tools make selections in a snap. loosely draw on an image area and the quick selection tool automatically completes the selection for you. then preview and fine-tune your selections with the refine edge tool. flexible layers composite images text and effects on hundreds of layers for extraordinarily sophisticated results. organize layers with up to five levels of nesting and save them in different combinations as layer comps. which edition of photoshop cs3 is right for you? photoshop cs3 is available in two editions--photoshop cs3 and photoshop cs3 extended--to meet the diverse needs of professionals in a wide range of fields. adobe photoshop cs3 adobe photoshop cs3 extended builds on photoshop cs2 with dozens of improvements increased productivity with a streamlined interface camera raw enhancements next-generation adobe bridge cs3 and zoomify export unrivaled editing power with live filters more precise color correction easier black-and-white conversion and more powerful cloning and healing tools breakthrough compositing with automatic layer alignment and blending capabilities easier selections and improved photomerge® technology 3d and motion support with the ability to edit 3d content and incorporate it into 2d compositions paint and clone over multiple video frames and more comprehensive image analysis with new image measurement and counting tools COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3016 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 512mb ram 64mb vram 2gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card dvd-rom drive internet or ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 193 COL l_ltable.description VAL hallmark card studio deluxe 2005 makes it easy to create your own one-of-a-kind hallmark cards for anyone on any occasion within minutes! capture life's special moments in beautiful photo frames to commemorate any event. enhance your cards and envelopes with dozens of exclusive images. import your own photos and use them as artwork for your cards and projects -- it's fast easy and fun! browse through 5 000 exclusive clip art pieces to find the perfect image work with 1 000 new designs and exclusive hallmark fonts - it's fast easy and fun COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sierra home 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2377 COL r_rtable.description VAL the 1 greeting card software. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 823 COL l_ltable.description VAL design the perfect project for every occasion and any holiday ? from scrapbook pages and small business materials to school projects and professional-quality greeting cards. save time and money using print workshop's suite of powerful tools typically only found in more expensive programs. let your imagination run wild! it's as easy as...1. choose your project template; 2. select your art and add your own personal touch; 3. print your creation or post it online. print workshop's photo studio suite gives you all of the tools you need to turn your photos into personal works of art. correct red-eye re-center images and edit images for every project select custom filters to change your favorite photos create unique photo borders. create fun photo gifts instantly design your own photo calendars flip books collages slide shows and photo bouquets or create an online photo album to share your pictures with family and friends. send your favorite photos to your cell phone. cd/dvd burning photo gifts improved! web publishing stretch rotate & resize tools / drawing & layout tools integrated avery compatible templates for pc running windows 98 - me - 2000 - xp COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL valusoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3194 COL r_rtable.description VAL overview the complete solution for all of your business and personal form needs. select from 1200 essential forms and letters customize the layout text and graphics or use the full suite of tools to create your own documents from scratch. a new ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 182 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2486 COL r_rtable.description VAL minimum system requirements: operating system: mac os x 10.3.9 or later cpu processor: powerpc g5 or intel chipset cpu speed: 1.8 ghz memory: 512 mb or higher hard disk space: 2.5gb free disk space video card (ati): radeon 9600 video card (nvidia): ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1224 COL l_ltable.description VAL take command of your audio in film video or adobe flash projects with task-based tools to clean up recordings polish voice-overs customize music and sound effects and much more. adobe soundbooth cs3 software has an intuitive interface that helps you get the job done quickly without sacrificing creative control. edit and create audio with fast intuitive tools adobe soundbooth cs3 software delivers a focused toolset that enables creative professionals in all disciplines to quickly create and edit their own high-quality audio. audience benefit video professionals as a video professional you need to accomplish everyday audio tasks efficiently--even if audio production isn't your specialty. fast and intuitive to work with adobe soundbooth cs3 software gives you focused tools to bring the same superior quality to your sound as you bring to your visuals. remove noise and individual sounds from recordings polish voice-overs use markers to synchronize sound and music with animation compose and record audio and much more. flash professionals integrated with adobe flash cs3 professional adobe soundbooth cs3 software helps you synchronize audio to your flash project with just a few clicks. an intuitive interface and on-clip controls simplify everyday sound tasks like cleaning editing and creating audio. clean up recordings polish voice-overs record audio create audio loops create and export markers to xml and flv to synchronize sound with animation and much more. audio professionals even professional sound engineers need to accomplish everyday editing tasks quickly. adobe soundbooth cs3 software offers an intuitive task-based interface that can help accomplish similar results to those produced by more complicated applications but much more quickly and easily. in addition features like visual healing tools time and pitch stretching with the izotope radius engine and the adobe media encoder make soundbooth a worthwhile addition to any audio toolkit. web designers bringing sound to web projects is more important than ever for designers looking to add new dimension to the user experience. adobe soundbooth cs3 software offers a set of intuitive task-based tools that make everyday audio editing and creation fast and effective--even when audio is not your specialty. easily create customized music using included soundbooth scores with the autocomposer record new assets modify sound effects with high-quality filters and much more. top reasons to buy adobe soundbooth cs3 intuitive audio editing with on-clip controls use powerful sample-accurate tools to cut copy paste fade and stretch audio assets. intuitive on-clip tools make common edits instant and visual feedback keeps you informed at every step. fast audio cleanup automatically detect and fix common flaws in audio recordings such as hisses hums rumbling crackling and pops. autocomposer with customizable music content select one of the dozens of included soundbooth scores and then customize it to match your project. adjust intensity to match the project's visual mood and change the length to fit. visual tools for healing sound use tools like those in adobe photoshop software to visually identify select and remove individual sounds from a revealing spectral display of your waveform. more than 15 high-quality audio filters enjoy a library of audio filters to help you achieve your own sound including reverb echo eq time and pitch stretch distortion chorus and more. combine up to five effects using the effects rack. fast mastering and vocal improvement use streamlined mastering tools to polish your file clarify vocals and give it punch. new audio asset recording record high-quality mono or stereo audio files such as voice-overs with markers and take numbering. top features and benefits of adobe soundbooth cs3 edit and create with essential tools fast cut copy and paste editing cut copy and paste audio clips quickly without waiting. extensive filter library apply more than 15 filters to modify audio characteristics such as eq reverb echo flange chorus distortion time and pitch and more. high-quality radius engine from izotope stretch time and shift pitch using the powerful radius engine from industry leader izotope. new audio asset recording record high-quality mono or stereo audio files such as voice-overs with markers and take numbering. undo history panel unlimited undo layers in the undo history panel give you the flexibility to experiment without committing your changes. sound your best fast audio cleanup detect and fix common flaws in audio recordings such as hisses hums buzzing crackling and pops. tasks panel use a convenient panel organized by task to execute common commands including create music remove noise and adjust time and pitch. autocomposer with customizable soundbooth scores easily create customized music for your project using dozens of included scores with the autocomposer feature; stretch music automatically to match the length of your video clips and adjust for intensity to match the mood. visual sound removal use tools like those found in photoshop to visually select and remove--or auto heal--unwanted sounds from your clip. thousands of sound effects available via resource central create or customize existing audio for your scene or flash interface using thousands of sound effects available via resource central. (internet connection required.) work quickly and efficiently on-clip editing controls quickly adjust volume add fades or trim a track using on-clip handles. tasks panel use a convenient panel organized by task to execute common commands including create music remove noise and adjust time and pitch. flash cue support insert and edit cue points while playing recording or editing audio that can then be used to drive animation in flash. dockable windows for customizable workspaces find your rhythm in a workspace you can adjust by docking windows and panels where you choose. save workspaces for specific users or tasks. tight integration with adobe premiere pro smooth roundtrip editing allows you to send assets from adobe premiere pro software using the edit in soundbooth command. after your edits are complete the files automatically update back in the adobe premiere pro timeline or project window. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1132 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 512mb ram 1.4gb free hard-disk space 1024 x 768 display resolution dvd-rom drive internet or phone connection required for product activation firefox 2.0 required for ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1227 COL l_ltable.description VAL enter the wild rough and tumble world of westward where adventure and untold fortunes await you. explore a huge playing environment and move up to 20 different levels. use quick wits to complete tasks like building homes farms water wells and more to keep your settlers fed housed and employed. if they don't like their situation your settlers will go elsewhere and your town will collapse! look for gold mines watch out for theivin' bandits and engage in dramatic shoot-outs. control the destiny of the west as you build thriving towns explore uncharted plains and guide your settlers to safety and success. features: more than 10 playable main characters customize your town and support an ever-expanding population buy sell and trade a variety of resources evolving and ever-changing scenarios provide many hours of playing fun COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2324 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. because the iriscard pro is a twain scanner you can also digitize your 4x6 pictures much COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1037 COL l_ltable.description VAL window washer (win 98 me 2000 xp) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL webroot software inc 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1243 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1147 COL l_ltable.description VAL our most popular selling product the pro edition is designed for the professional filmmaker. everything is at your fingertips including a full contact manager complete budgeting and scheduling locations film festivals and more. the best thing about gorilla is that it is simple. other budgeting and scheduling programs are complex convoluted and hard to navigate through. gorilla has a simple menu-driven interface and is very easy to learn. ...and it's not only budgeting and scheduling. take a closer look at all the features this program has to offer. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL jungle software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1850 COL r_rtable.description VAL mobile find plus 411 directory search delivers fast easy wireless access to residential and business listings maps and driving directions for your pocket pc palm(tm) or wireless phone - when and where you need it. find phone numbers and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 633 COL l_ltable.description VAL avid technology (00100810501) avid liquid pro COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL avid technology 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 57 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. providing a seamless realtime workflow supporting all video acquisition ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1234 COL l_ltable.description VAL defcon: global thermonuclear domination gives you the chance to manage a scenario faced in the leading generals' worst nightmare: total nuclear war. the third world war is starting and you'll manage it from a single screen. you'll attempt to destroy your enemy through all-out nuclear war while stopping them from destroying you. each side has key cities and installations and up to six superpowers can compete at the same time on the same map. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1453 COL r_rtable.description VAL xoom movies on psp enables you to quickly convert your dvds or movie files into a format your psp can read and understand. get the best possible picture and audio quality for 10 different input formats: dvd (s)vcd divx avi wmv real mpeg quicktime ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 674 COL l_ltable.description VAL master server-upg COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL novastor corporation 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 306 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements for 1-50 clients macintosh macintosh computer with powerpc g4 or g5 processor macintosh computer with intel-based processor 256mb of ram (1 gb recommended) cd or dvd drive mac os x 10.3.9 or 10.4.5 for intel-based processors ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1119 COL l_ltable.description VAL prey is a groundbreaking first-person shooter that turns the genre upside-down with new gameplay features and next generation graphics. breaking the traditional first-person shooter format prey introduces innovative gameplay elements including wall-walking portals spirit-walking and gravity flipping which allows for insane eight player deathmatches. prey tells the story of tommy a cherokee garage mechanic stuck on a reservation and going nowhere. his life changes when an otherworldly crisis forces him to awaken spiritual powers from his long-forgotten birthright. abducted along with his people to a menacing mothership orbiting earth he sets out to save himself and his girlfriend and ultimately his planet. multiplayer ­ multiplayer games take complete advantage of the unique gameplay styles of prey as players walk on the ceilings and walls while the map¹s gravity flips from side to side note - may require advanced video processing capabilities on your mac computer COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 609 COL r_rtable.description VAL race vehicles on courses you design! get ready for rugged racing on 4 different terrains - desert tundra jungle and the country. you can design and build the track - right down to wild obstacles for crashing. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 532 COL l_ltable.description VAL ultimate puzzle collection includes four full version puzzle games for your pc. from easy to challenging for even the most seasoned puzzle players. enjoyed by all ages and it will keep you entertained for hours. includes super collapse! atlantis coral quest crystalize! and soda pipes. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL valusoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 168 COL r_rtable.description VAL it's got flippers bumpers ramps and lightning fast balls - puts your reflexes to the test! features an ultra 3d environment and real-life physics that will test even the best pinball player! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1199 COL l_ltable.description VAL note: this is the upgrade version of adobe dreamweaver cs3. design develop and maintain websites and web applications--from start to finish--with adobe dreamweaver cs3 upgrade software. built for designers and developers dreamweaver cs3 offers both a visual layout interface and a streamlined coding environment. intelligent integration with related adobe software ensures an efficient workflow across your favorite tools. dreamweaver cs3 offers both a visual layout interface and a streamlined coding environment. easily set up css layouts such as the three-column layout with header and footer using the new document dialog box. the css layout-visualization feature helps you keep track of complex nesting schemes in your web pages. with dreamweaver cs3 you can easily copy and paste images from photoshop and fireworks and later edit them in the original software. adobe device central lets you preview how your web pages will look on mobile devices. the spry framework for ajax lets you add user interface components such as the expandable areas seen in the event information (open) and event directions (closed) regions here. create rich web content a higher standard in web design and development is emerging powered by dreamweaver cs3. create rich dynamic interfaces that tightly weave static structures together with responsive interactivity. use the new spry framework for ajax to develop energetic web experiences that will leave your competition standing still. in other words think deep dream big and then execute flawlessly with the most exciting web design and development tool we've ever devised. maximize efficiency accelerate your workflow with dreamweaver cs3 a faster smoother version of the preferred web design and development tool. drop in flv files add images from adobe photoshop and test your content for mobile devices. create visually or code directly work on your choice of macintosh or windows and enjoy the benefits of intelligent integration with other adobe tools. apply best practices dreamweaver cs3 makes it easy to apply best practices and accepted standards to ensure your websites and applications play well with others. build css-based websites from the ground up with new css layouts the unified css panel and css visualization and management tools. ensure more reliable and consistent performance with the new browser compatibility check. instantly preview your content for pcs mobile devices and print and find fast solutions to browser-specific css issues with the new css advisor website. audience benefit web designers--discover an exceptional web design workflow with adobe dreamweaver cs3 software. design and maintain websites from start to finish with your choice of either a powerful visual design interface or an efficient coding environment. streamline design with helpful css features; preview your pages for pcs mobile devices and print; and easily test pages for browser compatibility. enjoy tight integration with adobe photoshop cs3 flash cs3 professional fireworks cs3 and other adobe tools. web developers--develop more reliable consistent web applications based on universally accepted development standards with adobe dreamweaver cs3. take advantage of support for leading web development technologies including php adobe coldfusion and ajax for both internal and external projects. ensure consistency with helpful css features and automated cross-browser compatibility testing. comments embedded in the code offer tips about how to work with css. top reasons to buy adobe dreamweaver cs3 industry-leading tool take advantage of all the flexibility and power of a world-class web design tool. manipulate pixel-perfect designs in design view craft complex code in code view or do a little of each. work the way you work best. integrated workflows design develop and maintain content within dreamweaver cs3 while taking advantage of intelligent integration with other adobe tools including adobe flash cs3 professional adobe fireworks cs3 adobe photoshop cs3 adobe contribute cs3 and new adobe device central cs3 for creating mobile device content. complete css support discover the advantage of visual css tools that make it easy to view edit and move styles within and between files as well as see how your changes will affect the design. accelerate your workflow with new css layouts and test your design with the new browser compatibility check. integrated coding environment organize and accelerate your coding with code collapse color coding line numbering and a coding toolbar with comment/uncomment and code snippets. apply code hints for html and server languages. support for leading technologies take advantage of support for leading web development technologies including html xhtml css xml javascript ajax php adobe coldfusion asp asp.net and jsp. effortless xml quickly integrate xml content using either xsl or the spry framework for ajax. point to an xml file or xml feed url and dreamweaver cs3 will display its contents enabling you to drag and drop appropriate fields onto your page. adobe flash video support easily add flash video to your web pages in just five clicks with no knowledge of flash required. customize the video environment to match your website. learning resources learn as you go with comprehensive in-product tutorials reference content and instructional templates that make it easy to expand your skill set and adopt the latest technologies. extended dreamweaver community enjoy all the benefits of the extensive dreamweaver community including the online adobe design center and adobe developer center training and seminars developer certification programs user forums and more than 1 000 downloadable extensions available in the dreamweaver exchange. cross-platform support pick your platform: dreamweaver cs3 is available for intel or powerpc based macintosh computers as well as for windows xp and windows vista systems. design in your preferred platform and then deliver across platforms with more reliable consistent and high-performance results. browser compatibility check identifies css-related issues in different operating systems. additional features browser compatibility check save time and ensure a more consistent experience across browsers and operating systems with the new browser compatibility check. generate reports that identify css-related issues in a variety of browsers without needing to launch the browsers. css management easily move css code from inline to head from head to external sheet from document to document or between external sheets. cleaning up existing css in older pages has never been easier. css layouts easily incorporate css into your project with the new css layouts. extensive comments in each template explain the layout so beginning and intermediate designers can learn quickly. each template can be customized for your project. spry data integrate data into web pages using xml from an rss feed or a database. integrated data can be easily sorted and filtered. spry widgets easily add common interface components such as lists tables tabs form validation and repeatable regions to web pages with widgets from the spry framework for ajax. spry effects easily add visual transitions to page elements to make them grow shrink fade highlight and more with the spry effects for ajax. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2833 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 512mb ram (1gb recommended) 1.4gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card dvd-rom drive ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1254 COL l_ltable.description VAL ulead dvd moviefactory 6 plus is the award-winning consumer dvd authoring package. it's the first consumer entry-level product to offer hd dvd burning capability. capture digital media from numerous sources to create artistic original-looking video and slideshow discs. its easy-to-use storyboard and timeline editing tools help you personalize titles music and other project elements. with the enhanced edit room users can polish camcorder footage for more professional home movies. dvd moviefactory 6 plus supports all of the latest industry formats -- import edit and convert hdv divx or avchd and output in hd dvd blu-ray or traditional dvd-video. it even has a complete set of tools for burning to cd dvd hd dvd and blu-ray disc. breathe new life into videos photos and create hollywood-style menu motion effects - ulead dvd moviefactory 6 plus does more than make it possible. it makes it easy. overlay frames and objects in different tracks make mixed-media clipshows by combining video clips and photos on the timeline capture and edit hdv as easily as working with standard dv auto subtitles - select video file name date time and exif (photo) data as a subtitle track rotate stretch and angle menu motion buttons to fit into frames or other background elements customize your slideshows with pan & zoom supports 16 - 9 widescreen pc monitors open and import hd dvd folders and burn them to disc secure burning - users can password-protect videos photos documents and any other data from unauthorized access output to hd dvd-r/rw & blu-ray COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL corel 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 183 COL r_rtable.description VAL corel dvd moviefactory 6 plus windows COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 429 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL imagination international corp 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 827 COL r_rtable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1101 COL l_ltable.description VAL with family tree maker version 16 (collector's edition) you can access more than 5 billion records through ancestry.com as you research your family's history. the best-selling genealogy program for 15 straight years family tree maker lets you access some of the world's largest online data based including the u.s. records collection naturalization records immigration records and much more COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2758 COL r_rtable.description VAL overview dedicated family research calls for serious genealogy software. this great collection delivers an unprecedented wealth of data plus all of the convenient tools you expect from family tree maker. travel back in time on a research journey ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1318 COL l_ltable.description VAL jeopardy! is one of the all-time tv game shows and now it's available on your computer. choose money tiles in various categories -- behind each one is the answer to a question. can you guess what the question is? enjoy the full tv-game experience with more puzzles and double jeopardy. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 383 COL r_rtable.description VAL startopia takes gamers to a once thriving galactic network of starships space stations and planets left lifeless with redundant scars of the apocalypse. as stationmaster your mission is to rebuild the abandoned space stations reunite the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1195 COL l_ltable.description VAL accelerate web design and development with adobe fireworks cs3 software the ideal tool for creating and optimizing images for the web and rapidly prototyping websites and web applications. fireworks cs3 offers the flexibility to edit both vector and bitmap images a common library of prebuilt assets and timesaving integration with adobe photoshop cs3 adobe illustrator cs3 adobe dreamweaver cs3 and adobe flash cs3 professional software. new adobe fireworks cs3 dramatically accelerates web prototyping and web image design. rapidly prototype and design for the web new adobe fireworks cs3 dramatically accelerates web prototyping and web image design. enjoy timesaving enhancements new prototyping tools and impressive integration with adobe photoshop cs3 adobe illustrator cs3 adobe dreamweaver cs3 adobe flash cs3 professional and adobe flex software. new in fireworks cs3 new macintosh and windows os support design and develop on the platform of your choice. adobe fireworks cs3 is available for powerpc and intel based macintosh computers as well as windows xp and windows vista systems. efficient adobe photoshop and adobe illustrator integration import photoshop (psd) files while retaining hierarchical layers layer effects and blend modes. save fireworks (png) files back into photoshop (psd) format. import illustrator (ai) files while retaining graphic integrity including layer group and color information. hierarchical layer organization organize and manage your prototypes with a new hierarchical layer structure which is similar to the one in adobe photoshop that enables you to easily organize web layers and pages. intelligent scaling intelligently scale buttons and graphic symbols (in vector or bitmap) with 9-slice scaling. combine 9-slice scaling with the new auto shape library to accelerate website and application prototyping. multipage support use the new pages panel to create multiple pages in a single document (png file) and share layers across multiple pages. each page can contain its own slices layers frames animations and canvas settings making it easy to simulate website flow in a prototype. ria layout prototyping prototype layouts for rich internet applications in fireworks and then export them directly to adobe flex while retaining absolute positioning and styling. customizable assets jump-start your prototyping with a common library of frequently used graphic symbols text symbols and animations. use the new symbol properties panel to customize symbol attributes. adobe photoshop blend modes customize the appearance of your images with seven popular blend modes from adobe photoshop: dissolve linear burn linear dodge vivid light linear light pin light and hard mix. adobe bridge integration enjoy a more efficient workflow with adobe bridge which offers central access to project files and batch processing that can include multiple adobe applications. streamlined adobe dreamweaver and adobe flash integration copy any object in fireworks cs3 and paste it directly into dreamweaver cs3. create pop-up menus that can be saved as css and html. export fireworks (png) files directly to flash cs3 while maintaining vectors bitmaps animations and multistates and then edit in flash cs3. additional features vector and bitmap editing create and edit vector and bitmap images and import and edit native adobe photoshop and adobe illustrator files. image optimization optimize graphics for virtually any delivery scenario with preview cross-platform gamma preview selective jpeg compression and a wide range of export controls. filter effects apply lighting effects shadow effects styles and blend modes including seven new blend modes from photoshop to add depth and character to text and symbols. common library jump-start your prototyping with a common library of graphic symbols text symbols and animations frequently used in web applications forms interfaces and websites. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 27 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 512mb ram (1gb recommended) 1gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card dvd-rom drive ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1249 COL l_ltable.description VAL tell your story with maximum impact using adobe premiere pro cs3 software the start-to-finish solution for efficient video production that now includes adobe encore cs3 and adobe onlocation cs3 formerly the award-winning dv rack hd. save time from on-set capture using adobe onlocation through to output expand your creative options via integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop and deliver your content to dvd blu-ray disc the web and mobile devices. the powerful editing finishing and delivery tools in adobe premiere pro are now available on both mac and windows operating systems. capture edit and deliver to video dvd and the web adobe premiere pro cs3 software available for both mac and windows streamlines the entire video production process from direct-to-disk recording through editing to final delivery for tape disc the web and mobile devices. adobe premiere pro cs3 redefines productivity and flexibility for capturing editing and delivering video content. video professionals want to concentrate on storytelling--not on the nuts and bolts of production--and adobe premiere pro cs3 frees you to focus on telling your story. maximize image quality and work faster during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 software (requires windows and boot camp for mac ) included with adobe premiere pro to calibrate cameras monitor video signals and record directly to disk--all during the shoot. edit every major video format from dv to hd and beyond with adobe premiere pro cs3. improve efficiency and creativity with new workflow and new visual effects features. save time and expand creative options through tight integration with other adobe software including adobe after effects cs3 and adobe photoshop cs3. adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you author once and then output to blu-ray disc dvd and flash swf for the web. adobe premiere pro supports additional delivery platforms including flash and mobile devices letting you reach the widest audience possible. audience benefit corporate and government video producers--adobe premiere pro cs3 provides the tools you need to ensure excellent production values while working quickly to stay on schedule. edit with precise control add stunning effects and move content smoothly to adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop for even more creative control. streamline the review process with adobe clip notes and output to multiple formats quickly and easily to reach more people everywhere. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you communicate with high-quality video and imagery even with tight budgets and looming deadlines. export adobe encore cs3 projects as dvd blu-ray disc or flash. when you export as flash encore generates html flv and swf files that provide dvd-style chapter selection playback and interactivity through the flash player. event videographers--small crews and tight deadlines mean you need to work fast even while clients demand higher and higher production values. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you capture events directly to disc with included adobe onlocation cs3; work fast with precision editing tools including support for editing multicam shots; create compelling effects via tight integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop cs3; and use the included copy of adobe encore cs3 to deliver content however your clients need it whether on dvd blu-ray disc the web or mobile devices. independent filmmakers--your passion is storytelling. your challenge is finding the right software to handle every aspect of the production process and deliver hollywood-quality imagery. adobe premiere pro cs3 meets this need with a complete toolset for capturing footage direct-to-disc editing imagery and creating titles in post-production producing dvds and delivering web-ready content to promote your films on the internet. and with the included video workshop and training materials you'll have help through every stage of production. post-production boutiques--enjoy advanced editing tools as well as the uncompromised image quality and real-time performance you need in professional broadcast and film post-production. work with all major formats enjoy powerful effects and media management tools get unparalleled integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop software and increase efficiency with workflow enhancements such as adobe clip notes. with adobe premiere pro cs3 and adobe encore cs3 you can deliver your work in the format your client needs from adobe flash video through dvd and blu-ray disc to uncompressed hd. educators and students--adobe premiere pro cs3 offers a complete set of post-production tools that let you handle all aspects of filmmaking and post-production cost effectively from capturing and editing footage to creating titles dvds and promotional materials such as websites that feature video content. use flexible tools to express your creativity work with any file format on both windows and macintosh platforms and deliver your work across multiple media. what's new in adobe premiere pro cs3k dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. high-quality slow motion with time remapping create dramatic slow- and fast-motion effects without exporting clips to another application. with precise keyframe control real-time feedback and excellent quality from advanced frame blending you can slow things down without compromising quality. or generate even better in-between frames through pixel-motion analysis with the timewarp effect. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3 save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. adobe encore cs3 projects for the web with one click easily create adobe flash versions of your dvd and blu-ray disc projects for the web. use adobe encore cs3 to create flash content complete with dvd interactivity and menus without learning flash programming. multiple project windows with smart file search find files faster with search tools that instantly update their results list as you type. sort and organize assets into multiple project windows each with its own graphical or text view setting. display and handle media files making project management easier and more efficient. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. create stunning slow-motion and other retiming effects directly in the timeline by setting and moving time remapping keyframe markers. improve the look of your video with the three-way color corrector and the other precision color-correction tools in adobe premiere pro. improved editing efficiency work faster with powerful and flexible editing tools. play video with nested audio sequences in real time without rendering. replace any clip in the timeline with a new clip while preserving the replaced clip's editing attributes and settings. use shortcuts to switch between workspace panels and save time. output for mobile devices make your video viewable on the latest delivery platforms. encode video for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and simulate playback on those devices to check video quality. download profile updates to simulate the latest devices. flash video export with markers converted to cue points encode video and audio for flash projects and web playback with direct flash video (flv) export. adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline markers become flash cue points that trigger interactivity and navigation. create flash video with ease. improve efficiency and incorporate a tapeless workflow during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to monitor your camera's video signal and record it directly to a computer hard drive. additional features efficient tools for creative editing create high-quality visual and editorial effects directly within the editing timeline. generate slow motion and other time-remapping effects with precise keyframe control and real-time feedback. add color correction lighting and other effects audio filters and more with fast flexible and built-in tools. edit footage from multicam shoots with ease and precision. comprehensive video format compatibility work with the formats you want. edit all standard- or high-definition formats from dv through hdv to hd and beyond (some formats may require additional hardware). broad range of supporting hardware and software for mac and windows choose from a wide range of mac and windows workstations and capture cards to build the editing system that exactly meets your needs and budget. enhance your system with additional plug-ins including many from adobe after effects software. dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. superior integration with other adobe applications make the leading still and motion graphics applications adobe photoshop and after effects part of an efficient post-production workflow. import and animate photoshop layers. automatically create photoshop files that match the current project's frame size and aspect ratio. drag and drop or copy and paste clips and timelines between adobe premiere pro cs3 and after effects cs3 professional. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3 save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. delivery to the web and mobile devices make your video viewable on today's and tomorrow's delivery platforms. export as adobe flash video (flv). easily convert dvd projects complete with menus to flash swf files for web playback. encode for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and emulate playback on those devices to check playback quality. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. multicam editing view multiple video tracks from a multiple-camera shoot easily sync via timecode and edit by switching between tracks in real time. rerecord sections of your edit make fine adjustments using all the standard timeline editing tools and easily adjust color correction across multiple shots even after editing. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. mac os x compatibility use adobe premiere pro cs3 on the latest intel based macintosh computers. aaf and edl import/export exchange project metadata with major video film and audio applications via industry-standard advanced authoring format (aaf) aaf with edit protocol and edit decision list (edl) files (aaf import/export for windows only). comprehensive vtr support control video decks through rs-422 and rs-232 serial protocols or firewire for precise batch capturing recapturing and insert editing. file management with adobe bridge work more efficiently by using adobe bridge cs3 to search for and access your project files preview and apply settings run batch processes and tag assets with xmp metadata. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2074 COL r_rtable.description VAL bring your home videos to life! adobe premiere element 3.0 software makes creating and sharing impressive home videos a snap. burn your footage to dvd in two simple steps complete with a dvd menu and scene index or easily assemble your movie by rea COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 717 COL l_ltable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! product information ares rising is a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. a branching storyline allows you to chart various courses to success and to replay the game in many different ways. you take responsibility for making alliances purchasing equipment and ultimately tipping the balance of power. ares rising brings together the best strategy combat resource allocation and story telling elements to enable a degree of player freedom rarely achieved. product features multiplayer action with head-to-head and team death match modes. persistent characters allow you to build power reputation and prestige through multiple game sessions. a combination of dog-fighting and strategic combat where proper consideration of advanced tactics and technologies count as much as hot dog piloting. choose from a wide range of devastating tactical weapons including cloaks auto-turrets beam weapons nuclear warheads sensor drones and ship decoys to name a few. all ai pilots work in wingmen groups. employing squadron tactics and complex maneuvers will give you a distinct advantage. system requirements windows 95 98 me only (not xp compatible) pentium 133mhz processor windows 95 with directx 5.0 (included) 16mb of ram 150mb hard drive space 2x cd-rom drive directx certified sound and video card microsoft or 100% compatible mouse recommended requirments pentium 200mhz or higher or k6 3d 32mb of ram 200mb hard drive space 12x cd-rom drive d3d supporting video card with graphics acceleration digital audio compatible sound card joystick please note: the product you are viewing is an older version that is currently in demand and a valuabl COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL interplay 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 827 COL r_rtable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 652 COL l_ltable.description VAL vegas 6 combines real-time sd dv and hdv video editing with powerful audio tools for producing the high-quality results a professional would expect. this all-in-one environment mixes high-definition and high-fidelity for creative thinkers and editing professionals. the software delivers tremendous power incredible speed and maximum productivity in an uncomplicated efficient platform. over 30 customizable real-time audio effects including eq reverb delay and more new vst plug-in effects support -- expand your audio processing and mixing options new project nesting adds a vegas project to the timeline -- edit and apply effects COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony pictures digital entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 383 COL r_rtable.description VAL startopia takes gamers to a once thriving galactic network of starships space stations and planets left lifeless with redundant scars of the apocalypse. as stationmaster your mission is to rebuild the abandoned space stations reunite the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 8 COL l_ltable.description VAL webexpress (win 95 98) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL ingram micro 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2721 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1123 COL l_ltable.description VAL adobe premiere elements 3.0 software makes creating and sharing impressive home videos a snap. burn your footage to dvd in two simple steps complete with a dvd menu and scene index or easily assemble your movie by rearranging clips with drag-and-drop simplicity. share your movies on dvd the web mobile phones and virtually anywhere else. get started quickly with helpful moviemaking options; wow your audience with amazing effects; and show your videos on dvd the web and virtually anywhere else. easily create home videos and dvds using footage imported from any device. zoom in on details of your project or zoom out for an overview of your entire timeline use stop motion capture to create your own time-lapse movies claymations and other animations narrate your stories or enhance them with text graphics and audio roll credits in more than 100 professionally designed templates show your finished movies on virtually any handheld device -- including mobile phones ipods and psp systems delete and edit scene automatically with the timeline create a rich full soundtrack for your video with dolby digital stereo -- up to 99 audiotracks and precise waveform controls advanced multi-threading and hyper-threading technology support helps you edit faster in machines with multiple processors flexible workspace automatically resizes and adjusts to your needs -- no need to click around to open and close panels design custom dvd menus from scratch or choose from dozens of menu templates create scene indexes or chapters for your dvd menu with links that correspond to your video clips for windows xp only COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3166 COL r_rtable.description VAL multicore intel® processor (adobe® onlocation? cs3 is a windows application that may be used on macintosh using boot camp and windows sold separately) mac os x v.10.4.9 1gb of ram for dv; 2gb of ram for hdv and hd 10gb of available hard-disk space ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1009 COL l_ltable.description VAL istopmotion is the ideal supplement for any digital hub. time lapse recording and stop motion animation can be used as either learning devices or for professional purposes -- with istopmotion you can do both easily. bring your creative fantasies to life and create astonishing new work. based on apple's quicktime technology the captured frames are stored uncompressed so that the raw material has the highest possible resolution. professional tools such as adobe photoshop and final cut can be used for further editing. everyone appreciates the genius of directors such as tim burton (the corpse bride a nightmare before christmas) and nick park (wallace & gromit chicken run). and time lapse recordings of natural phenomena are always fascinating. istopmotion is the tool that will allow mac users to say i can do that too! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL navarre 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3167 COL r_rtable.description VAL from chaos comes order. private prisons have become the new growth industry. you will construct and run an efficient rehabilitation facility with nothing but money on your mind. there's no escaping under your watchful eye as you oversee every detail ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 390 COL l_ltable.description VAL instant immersion version 2.0 moves you from a beginner to an intermediate speaker with a 5 cd-rom course of study. including talk now! talk more and world talk from eurotalk. finally test your linguistic skills with who is oscar lake a challenging interactive mystery game. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 154 COL r_rtable.description VAL topics entertainment instant immersion japanese 2.0 this 4 cd-rom suite immerses you in the learning process with cultural videos entertaining games and interactive dialogue with native speakers. windows & xp pc only COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 801 COL l_ltable.description VAL kaspersky® anti-virus 6.0 combines traditional anti-virus defense methods with the latest proactive technologies to provide solid and dependable protection against malicious programs. beginners in particular will be pleasantly surprised to find a product that is simple to install and set up while for more advanced users the product is highly adaptable and can be easily tailored to suit their individual requirements. kaspersky anti-virus 6.0 is remarkable for its seamless integration with the microsoft windows family of operating systems (including microsoft windows x64) and excellent compatibility with other pc protection programs (e.g. firewalls). features installs easily with a clear interface and automated functions making it the right choice for even the most inexperienced computer users. scans email traffic (pop3 imap and nntp for incoming mail smtp for outgoing) for all mail programs. scans all http internet traffic in real time and offers rapid scan of all individual files catalogs and disks. controls changes to file system to prevent malicious programs from undermining applications. monitors program activity and warns of suspicious or hidden processes (rootkits) or unauthorized changes. controls status of system registry and alerts of suspicious objects or attempts to create hidden registry keys. records all registry and file system changes to rapidly restore your computer after any malicious attacks. automatically balances scan speeds with increased user activity; and offers accelerated scan settings. blocks dangerous macro commands from being executed. delivers the smallest updates (~ 50 kb) for virtually instant updating. supports wifi internet access for antivirus updating. conserves batteries with economy mode. supports intel centrino processors and hyper-threading technology. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL kaspersky lab 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 78 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: complete protection easy to install instant updates... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 966 COL l_ltable.description VAL premiere elements brings your home videos to life and helps you create and share them quickly and easily with friends and family. burn your footage to dvd in two simple steps or try the new sceneline to rearrange clips and add effects and enhancements with drag-and-drop simplicity. you can now download clips from some nokia mobile phones. and with support for major device formats you can share your movies on the web and virtually anywhere else. wow your audience with hundreds of eye-catching effects and transitions that are easy to apply with drag-and-drop simplicity. move footage from camera to dvd in two simple steps or drop it into the sceneline where you can easily rearrange clips and add effects with drag-and-drop simplicity. for more control use the timeline view which offers more editing options. view larger. edit and preview your movie in one convenient place& 151;the monitor window& 151;where you can split and trim clips add effects and more. view larger. easily create home videos and dvds premiere elements makes it easy to import video audio and still images from virtually any media device including dv and dvd camcorders hdv devices web digital still and mobile phone cameras unprotected dvds mpeg-4 video recorders windows media center and video clips from selected mobile phones. there is also native hdv support so you can achieve richer results by capturing and editing hdv footage in its native format. premiere elements gives you control of your video footage whether you want to burn it right to a dvd or spend time editing and adding creative elements. if you want to simply create dvds you can go from camcorder to disc in just a few clicks. or take advantage of the powerful video-editing tools that allow you to transform and personalize your video creation. for quick editing the sceneline view lets you assemble your video by drag and drop rearranging thumbnails of your clips and adding transitions and effects. for more precise control the timeline view offers premier elements' most advanced features. do all your editing in one convenient place: easily trim and split clips drag and drop effects and transitions add text and narration and more right in the monitor window. you can even create your own time-lapse movies claymations and other still-frame animations with the stop-motion video capture features. rock-solid performance and quality are included in all of adobe's premier software. for example you can view edits in real time as you make them by previewing your movie full-screen with just the click of a button. you can also feel free to experiment: with auto save multiple undos and the history panel you can always go back to a previous version. the soundtrack for your video can be rich and full with the quality of dolby digital stereo. and since video editing can take up a lot of processor speed and memory premier is optimized to support multiple processors and advanced multi-threading and hyper-threading technology on the latest pentium and centrino duo-based windows xp systems. wow your audience with amazing effects even if you're new to video editing you can raise the production value of your video by adding special effects. with narration features your video will tell the story in your own voice; simply add narration to your video as you edit. for adding titles or other text to your video adobe provides world-class fonts that are designed to look great on video. and adding text is easy since you can now type text right on screen then add a cool shadow glow or other effect to make it unique. if you want to make your video more dynamic you can add moving text and graphics. adding tv-style effects is simple& 151;just drag and drop one of the hundreds of amazing special effects you can customize and reuse. also choose from hundreds of eye-catching transitions to creatively move from one scene to the next. to apply a transition just drag and drop to apply effects such as dissolves fades and wipes. or you can create your own transition style. music can be an important part of your video so premier elements lets you add your music files and then edit your video to match the beat. for crediting your cast and crew choose from more than 100 professionally-designed templates. share your videos anywhere since videos are made to be seen premier elements includes powerful tools for outputting your movie. while creating a professional-quality dvd you can design unique dvd menus using your own video photos audio and text. or save time with automatic scene indexes or chapters that link to your video clips. create and watch your video in traditional tv (4:3.0) or widescreen (16:9) format in ntsc or pal standard for a worldwide audience. give your audience high-quality sound by automatically converting audio to industry-standard dolby digital stereo allowing you to burn more video onto a single disc without sacrificing sound quality. before you burn make sure your movie is just as you envisioned it by watching a full-screen preview on your computer or tv. then burn your finished movie to a single- or dual-layer dvd. for sharing on portable devices export a movie in the mpeg-4 format. mpeg-4 files can then be viewed on virtually any portable device& 151;including the video ipod and sony playstation portable. supported formats premiere elements 3.0 import/export formats supported include: 3gp asf (import only) avi dolby digital stereo dv dvd h.264 jpeg jvc everio mod (import only) mpeg-1 mpeg-2 mpeg-4 png (import only) psd (import only) quicktime wav windows media wma (import only) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2074 COL r_rtable.description VAL bring your home videos to life! adobe premiere element 3.0 software makes creating and sharing impressive home videos a snap. burn your footage to dvd in two simple steps complete with a dvd menu and scene index or easily assemble your movie by rea COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 702 COL l_ltable.description VAL adobe photoshop elements 4.0 software combines innovation and simplicity to help you work with and enhance your digital photos with some of the industry's most powerful tools. with elements 4.0 you can fix common flaws instantly or show off your creativity in a wide variety of entertaining ways by using your photos to create cards calendars and much more. easily access your photos and add delete or move folders using the folder view. even create folders to hold collections. adjust skin tones for a more natural look even in poorly lit photos. easily select by brushing over any element of your photo to make a range of adjustments to a specific area or object. make quicker fixes than ever before for starters elements 4.0 offers users more precise controls that allow you to adjust specific areas of a photo in less time and even remove red eye automatically. the software's quick fix mode lets you perform a full range of common photo adjustments including color contrast and lighting and skin tones can be easily adjusted for a more natural look even in poorly lit photos. you can even compare before and after views that instantly let you see the effects of your adjustments. perform a full range of common photo adjustments -- such as color contrast and lighting -- in the convenient quick fix mode. easily upload your photos to a personal online album that can be updated with new photos at any time. family and friends can view your photos and instantly order prints. turn your digital pictures into professional-quality kodak prints or create a memorable hardbound photo book. both are delivered directly to your door. when it comes time to retouching your photos no problem. elements 4.0 lets you easily brush over any element of your photo to make a range of adjustments to a specific area or object. for instance you can use the magic selection brush and magic extractor tool to isolate objects from backgrounds quickly and easily even in complex textured areas. you can also remove entire backgrounds leaving foregrounds untouched or place your friends on the top of mount everest or in front of the taj majal as if they were really there. the spot healing brush lets you instantly brush away wrinkles and other unwanted objects. for more fine tuning of exposure and lighting you can work directly with the raw image file from your camera by converting the raw files to the universal digital negative (dng) format to help ensure you'll always be able to open and use your photo files in the future. effortless color corrections and photo management once you have touched up your photos you can compare a range of color variations side by side with your original photo and select the best choice with a single click. to get the best overall color possible with your photos elements 4.0 offers easy slider controls for color temperature and tint. to rescue poorly lit shots you can easily adjust shadows and highlights lighten the shadows and reduce the glare of highlights. and with 16-bit support you'll get smoother and more precise color results than ever before. do you already have hundreds of photos in your computer that you are ready to work with? elements 4.0 offers extensive photo management capabilities that will make managing and editing your digital files a cinch. for instance elements 4.0 lets you type titles and labels right onto your photos and edit them at any time. an enhanced font menu and easy-to-use interface gives you the option of quickly choosing from a wide option of fonts. if you're working with multiple photos you can save hours of effort through the software's automatic batch processes. with this time-saving feature you can remove red eye rename resize convert formats adjust levels add text and more in a single step. you can also save time by scanning several photos at once. elements 4.0 will automatically divide straighten and save each photo separately. and when it's time to final the exact photo you need elements 4.0 includes several management features that will make your life much easier. easily access your photos and add delete or move folders using the folder view. you can even create folders to hold entire collections and organize by filename date file type and many other properties. flip through photos in a full-screen slide show and rate your favorites apply color labels rotate photos change display size and show captions. with expanded metadata search parameters you can quickly find and preview any photo in a matter of seconds. these enhanced search options let you search from a wide range of metadata options such as f-stop digital camera model and even exposure values. you can also use keywords to pinpoint your search. looking for a photo of just jack but not jack and jill? elements 4.0 will find it for you. printing and uploading features when you're ready to share your photos elements 4.0 will help you to create a personal online album that can be updated with new photos at any time so that family and friends can view your photos and instantly order prints. you also have the option of uploading your photos to order professional-quality kodak prints or use adobe photoshop services to create your own calendars greeting cards or beautiful hardbound photo books that can also be delivered directly to your doorstep. (services may vary depending on region.) and if you just want to print your photos on your own elements 4.0 lets you quickly drop your photos into picture packages that let you print photos from your desktop printer in a variety of flexible layouts. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2788 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: powerpc® g3 g4 or g5 processor mac os x v.10.3 or 10.4 256mb of ram 750mb of available hard-disk space 1024x768 16-bit (xga) display cd-rom drive product datasheet [pdf: 1.1mb] COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 758 COL l_ltable.description VAL apple's remote desktop 3: unlimited managed systems has the power to simplify administrative tasks and make managing networked mac os x systems easy and efficient. this new version has even more options for distributing software automating common tasks and providing remote assistance to your organization. the remote spotlight search gives you an instant at-a-glance view of the remote computers in your network. automator actions use third-party actions to create your own custom workflows which you can then save and reuse as needed. to help get you started more than 30 automator actions have been included. the autoinstall feature of apple remote desktop 3 you can stage software to install on remote mobile or offline systems. just stage the software and when the computer is back on the network apple remote desktop will automatically update the system. other features are described below. special license for unlimited networks. user history reports give you detailed information on who is using a computer when they logged in and out and how they accessed the computer smart computer lists track computers easily -- specify a set of rules based on 11 attributes; any computer that matches the rules you set automatically gets added to the list save frequently-used tasks as task templates that you can reuse whenever you need them over 30 sample unix scripts are included to help with setting desktop pictures time zone settings energy saving settings and more COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2747 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements mac os x v10.3.9 or later; some features require mac os x v10.4 ethernet (recommended) airport (802.11b/g) or ip over firewire network connection requires mac os x v10.4 tiger or later on client system. requires mac os x v10.4 ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1199 COL l_ltable.description VAL note: this is the upgrade version of adobe dreamweaver cs3. design develop and maintain websites and web applications--from start to finish--with adobe dreamweaver cs3 upgrade software. built for designers and developers dreamweaver cs3 offers both a visual layout interface and a streamlined coding environment. intelligent integration with related adobe software ensures an efficient workflow across your favorite tools. dreamweaver cs3 offers both a visual layout interface and a streamlined coding environment. easily set up css layouts such as the three-column layout with header and footer using the new document dialog box. the css layout-visualization feature helps you keep track of complex nesting schemes in your web pages. with dreamweaver cs3 you can easily copy and paste images from photoshop and fireworks and later edit them in the original software. adobe device central lets you preview how your web pages will look on mobile devices. the spry framework for ajax lets you add user interface components such as the expandable areas seen in the event information (open) and event directions (closed) regions here. create rich web content a higher standard in web design and development is emerging powered by dreamweaver cs3. create rich dynamic interfaces that tightly weave static structures together with responsive interactivity. use the new spry framework for ajax to develop energetic web experiences that will leave your competition standing still. in other words think deep dream big and then execute flawlessly with the most exciting web design and development tool we've ever devised. maximize efficiency accelerate your workflow with dreamweaver cs3 a faster smoother version of the preferred web design and development tool. drop in flv files add images from adobe photoshop and test your content for mobile devices. create visually or code directly work on your choice of macintosh or windows and enjoy the benefits of intelligent integration with other adobe tools. apply best practices dreamweaver cs3 makes it easy to apply best practices and accepted standards to ensure your websites and applications play well with others. build css-based websites from the ground up with new css layouts the unified css panel and css visualization and management tools. ensure more reliable and consistent performance with the new browser compatibility check. instantly preview your content for pcs mobile devices and print and find fast solutions to browser-specific css issues with the new css advisor website. audience benefit web designers--discover an exceptional web design workflow with adobe dreamweaver cs3 software. design and maintain websites from start to finish with your choice of either a powerful visual design interface or an efficient coding environment. streamline design with helpful css features; preview your pages for pcs mobile devices and print; and easily test pages for browser compatibility. enjoy tight integration with adobe photoshop cs3 flash cs3 professional fireworks cs3 and other adobe tools. web developers--develop more reliable consistent web applications based on universally accepted development standards with adobe dreamweaver cs3. take advantage of support for leading web development technologies including php adobe coldfusion and ajax for both internal and external projects. ensure consistency with helpful css features and automated cross-browser compatibility testing. comments embedded in the code offer tips about how to work with css. top reasons to buy adobe dreamweaver cs3 industry-leading tool take advantage of all the flexibility and power of a world-class web design tool. manipulate pixel-perfect designs in design view craft complex code in code view or do a little of each. work the way you work best. integrated workflows design develop and maintain content within dreamweaver cs3 while taking advantage of intelligent integration with other adobe tools including adobe flash cs3 professional adobe fireworks cs3 adobe photoshop cs3 adobe contribute cs3 and new adobe device central cs3 for creating mobile device content. complete css support discover the advantage of visual css tools that make it easy to view edit and move styles within and between files as well as see how your changes will affect the design. accelerate your workflow with new css layouts and test your design with the new browser compatibility check. integrated coding environment organize and accelerate your coding with code collapse color coding line numbering and a coding toolbar with comment/uncomment and code snippets. apply code hints for html and server languages. support for leading technologies take advantage of support for leading web development technologies including html xhtml css xml javascript ajax php adobe coldfusion asp asp.net and jsp. effortless xml quickly integrate xml content using either xsl or the spry framework for ajax. point to an xml file or xml feed url and dreamweaver cs3 will display its contents enabling you to drag and drop appropriate fields onto your page. adobe flash video support easily add flash video to your web pages in just five clicks with no knowledge of flash required. customize the video environment to match your website. learning resources learn as you go with comprehensive in-product tutorials reference content and instructional templates that make it easy to expand your skill set and adopt the latest technologies. extended dreamweaver community enjoy all the benefits of the extensive dreamweaver community including the online adobe design center and adobe developer center training and seminars developer certification programs user forums and more than 1 000 downloadable extensions available in the dreamweaver exchange. cross-platform support pick your platform: dreamweaver cs3 is available for intel or powerpc based macintosh computers as well as for windows xp and windows vista systems. design in your preferred platform and then deliver across platforms with more reliable consistent and high-performance results. browser compatibility check identifies css-related issues in different operating systems. additional features browser compatibility check save time and ensure a more consistent experience across browsers and operating systems with the new browser compatibility check. generate reports that identify css-related issues in a variety of browsers without needing to launch the browsers. css management easily move css code from inline to head from head to external sheet from document to document or between external sheets. cleaning up existing css in older pages has never been easier. css layouts easily incorporate css into your project with the new css layouts. extensive comments in each template explain the layout so beginning and intermediate designers can learn quickly. each template can be customized for your project. spry data integrate data into web pages using xml from an rss feed or a database. integrated data can be easily sorted and filtered. spry widgets easily add common interface components such as lists tables tabs form validation and repeatable regions to web pages with widgets from the spry framework for ajax. spry effects easily add visual transitions to page elements to make them grow shrink fade highlight and more with the spry effects for ajax. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2776 COL r_rtable.description VAL multicore intel® processor (adobe® onlocation? cs3 is a windows application that may be used on macintosh using boot camp and windows sold separately) mac os x v.10.4.9 1gb of ram for dv; 2gb of ram for hdv and hd 10gb of available hard-disk space ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1289 COL l_ltable.description VAL add-on; requires microsoft flight simulator x abacus' usa/world extreme landscapes bundle lets you travel to places that many of us only dream about. there's no better way to fly around the world than with the incredibly detailed simulations available here. includes usa extreme landscapes and world extreme landscapes. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL abacus 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1886 COL r_rtable.description VAL nan COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1106 COL l_ltable.description VAL mediapilot is ingenious triple-threat software which effortlessly migrates the audio and video files from your ipod to pc records unlimited music from your audio player and clips your music to thousands of free ringtones. mediapilot makes it easy and you will be ready to listen anytime anywhere. whether you use windows media player real time itunes or any other player you can record all the music you want. just click the record button and you're done. easily browse your music and video library drag and drop audio and video files create custom folders to sort your favorite music and video files sort your ipod files by artist playlists and genre edit your favorite song into a ringtone by using the clip feature create a full library of fun ringtones to share with your friends and family easily transfer your ringtones to your cell phone free via data cables or over a bluetooth connection full compatibility with existing ipods including gen 4 & 5 ipods ipod photo mini and u2 software requirements - microsoft windows 2000 xp pentium 133 mhz or higher cpu 64mb minimum ram 100mb of free hard drive space 800x600 or higher resolution 256 colors or higher usb or serial port cd-rom drive COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL susteen 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 57 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. providing a seamless realtime workflow supporting all video acquisition ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 396 COL l_ltable.description VAL with apple's garageband jam pack: remix tools you can create your own club grooves. this complete set of beats bass lines synth hooks and keyboard riffs is perfect for creating the sounds that get butts shaking on the dance floor. whether you're into hip-hop or house r&b or trance jam pack: remix tools gives you everything you need to create songs that make people move. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3069 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements a macintosh computer with a powerpc g4 or greater processor at least 512 megabytes (mb) of ram; 1 gigabyte (gb) recommended mac os x version 10.3 quicktime 6.5.2 or higher dvd drive for installation 12 gb of available disk space ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 242 COL l_ltable.description VAL the easy way to manage your names addresses and more! quickly print out labels postcards and envelopes. use fonts colors logos and the thousands of clip art images that are included. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL mysoftware company 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 362 COL r_rtable.description VAL the easy way to manage your names addresses and more product information mymaillist & addressbook is perfect for organizing your names addresses and other contact information. easily import and directly open your data from popular databases. make ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 164 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2721 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 25 COL l_ltable.description VAL startopia takes gamers to a once-thriving galactic network of starships space stations and planets left lifeless with redundant scars of the apocalypse. you will lead the way in rebuilding the network of space stations that once served the commerce and communication of the old empire--reuniting the surviving alien peoples under one banner. startopia gives you the opportunity to rebuild and successfully maintain a series of giant torus (donut) space stations scattered across the galaxy. they will provide a suitable home for the many alien races that inhabit space and perhaps turn a tidy profit for you in the process. of course there are plenty of other enterprising individuals out there with the same goals not to mention there are many hazards that exist in deep space. a number of different life forms and organizations are developing competing stations and it will only be a matter of time before you'll need to confront your opponents. will you use economic or military means to force out your opponents? you decide. startopia features nine primary character races each with a unique look and function. each inhabitant is an individual character with unique moods desires personal histories and humorous character animations. it's a fully functioning alien society with racial animosity and friendships crime and punishment leisure and entertainment and a functioning economy. the unique torus play area gives a viewpoint never before seen in a game. the bio-deck has an editable landscape and a manageable ecosystem allowing you complete control of terraforming. multiplayer support for up to three other stationmasters and simple and intuitive command of security forces can conflict with other players or defend your station against alien threats. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL eidos interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2943 COL r_rtable.description VAL boostxp by allume - maximum pc performance! now anyone can keep their computer in peak condition! boost performance protect your pc clean-up clutter customize your pc. key benefits boost performance the most thorough way to tune-up your pc. improve ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1262 COL l_ltable.description VAL the most comprehensive and easy-to-use program to keep your children safe while they surf the web. you control individual settings for each child. parental control software: keep your children safe from internet threats filter objectionable web content and record all websites that each child visits manage your child s computer and internet time schedule and limit chat game playing or other programs receive email reports for all monitored activities lockdown access to windows settings automatically log your child off at bedtime compatible with windows vista& 153; settings can be configured from any pc on your network system requirements: os: windows 2000 windows xp windows vista cpu: 133 mhz minimum memory: 128 mb ram disk: 5 mb format: win 98 me 2000 xp vista COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL webroot software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1758 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 608 COL l_ltable.description VAL sharks terrors of the deep demonstrates the latest look and capabilities of this hot screensaver. dynamic backgrounds realistic movement and amazing animation are the latest enhancements brings the aquatic world to life. you'll swear you feel those massive tails brush you as they cruise by! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2528 COL r_rtable.description VAL sure you can use a standard web browser with standard features. but you didn't choose a standard software experience - you chose the mac. why not try a browser built just for discriminating people with fabulous taste like yourself? omniweb5 ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 355 COL l_ltable.description VAL restricted area is an incredible combination of action gaming and deep role-playing. four very different people meet as they're trying to change their lives. choose one of these four to play -- and enter their dystopian world for a complex twisting story that involves a dark secret and a very large corporation. the advanced ai uses group tactics to react to your character's visible strength the weapon in their hands and more -- you'll have to think to survive cooperative multiplayer mode COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL whiptail 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1613 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: mac os x v10.3.9 or later 1ghz g4/g4/intel mac 256 mb ram 1 gb hd space 32 mb vram internet connection (for net play) COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1272 COL l_ltable.description VAL burning monkey solitaire brings great solitaire action plus the most monkeys allowed by law! play all your favorite solitaire games like klondike freecell pyramid and 52 pickup -- or try devious new games like osmosis eliminator and four seasons. meanwhile a gang of monkeys are there to help you - mainly by telling jokes & mocking you when you cheat (and sometimes giving you helpful suggestions). the gameplay is fast & fun and the the monkeys will leave you howling. oodles of alternate decks and backgrounds enough jokes to make your head spin download new jokes or share your scores with the world and compete for the top spot multiple easter eggs waiting to be unlocked - you'll wonder why there isn't an easter bunny improved full-screen mode with animated card effects brought to life with a new game engine COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL freeverse software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 546 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements mac os x 10.3.9 or greater 128 mb ram (256 mb preferred) 32mb vram (video ram) 500 mb mb hard drive space COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 608 COL l_ltable.description VAL sharks terrors of the deep demonstrates the latest look and capabilities of this hot screensaver. dynamic backgrounds realistic movement and amazing animation are the latest enhancements brings the aquatic world to life. you'll swear you feel those massive tails brush you as they cruise by! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1622 COL r_rtable.description VAL enjoy countless hours of reading pleasure with this deluxe compilation of classic works from over 200 authors. features all the major classics of english literature including novels mysteries poetry sci-fi romance horror and more. annotate each ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 250 COL l_ltable.description VAL instant immersion italian platinum takes from the basics to intermediate language skills in no time at all. it combines computer-based teaching with the portability of audio lessons on compact disc. with over 750 hours of instruction you'll become completely immersed in the language and learn by hearing real-world conversations and usage. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 0 COL r_rtable.description VAL model- topcd-80696wi vendor- topics entertainment features- instant immersion italian deluxe v2.0 your first-class journey to a new language is ready to commence with instant immersion italian deluxe v2.0 the multimedia learning collection on cd-rom ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 65 COL l_ltable.description VAL halo takes you deep into the far future with the fate of humanity hanging on your shooting skills! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL macsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1172 COL r_rtable.description VAL photostamps lets you turn your favorite photos into real us postage. now you can capture your special moments on real us postage. show off your family. highlight a special event. introduce a new arrival. give your pets the exposure they deserve. ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1233 COL l_ltable.description VAL macdrive 7 is the ultimate solution for sharing files between mac os and windows. there are no special steps and nothing new to learn -- just install macdrive and windows becomes a cross-platform file sharing powerhouse. once macdrive is installed you'll forget it's even there -- and wish you'd installed it sooner. it's perfect for graphic design audio video education digital photography publishing word processing cad/cam database administration and much more. macdrive 7 works with just about anything you can throw at it - hard drives cd-r/rw dvd rw/ r floppies ipods flash drives zip jaz mo dmg virtual disk files and more COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL mediafour corporation 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1104 COL r_rtable.description VAL macbackup makes computer backup quick and easy! backup wizards are categorized to instantly backup everything on your computer or only your photos music and movies. easily store backups to virtually any kind of media: cd dvd zip disks network ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 761 COL l_ltable.description VAL capture one le is the affordable way to get into professional raw shooting. when you start shooting raw you get better image quality and a more customized workflow. with capture one le you will quickly see gain those benefits of working raw files. renowned for its excellent image quality and efficient workflow tools and easily upgradeable to the more powerful pro edition - this is the software you need for superior digital photography. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL phase one 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2990 COL r_rtable.description VAL capture one db & pro: phase one p 45 / p 30 / p 25 / p 20 / h 25 / h 20 / h 10 / h 101 / h 5 / lightphase capture one pro & le: canon 1ds mkii / 1d mkii / 1d mkii n /1ds / 1d / 5d / 20d / 10d / 300d / 350d / d60 / d30 / pro 1 / g6 / g5 / g3 / g2 ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1009 COL l_ltable.description VAL istopmotion is the ideal supplement for any digital hub. time lapse recording and stop motion animation can be used as either learning devices or for professional purposes -- with istopmotion you can do both easily. bring your creative fantasies to life and create astonishing new work. based on apple's quicktime technology the captured frames are stored uncompressed so that the raw material has the highest possible resolution. professional tools such as adobe photoshop and final cut can be used for further editing. everyone appreciates the genius of directors such as tim burton (the corpse bride a nightmare before christmas) and nick park (wallace & gromit chicken run). and time lapse recordings of natural phenomena are always fascinating. istopmotion is the tool that will allow mac users to say i can do that too! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL navarre 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 365 COL r_rtable.description VAL join chuck the dump truck and all of his tonka friends in the town where every building and vehicle talks - even buildings and parking meters! there are so many jobs to do in tonka town. you can do everything from collecting the mail to picking up ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 8 COL l_ltable.description VAL webexpress (win 95 98) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL ingram micro 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1055 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 663 COL l_ltable.description VAL model- gps206 vendor- pantone features- pantone reference library pantone reference library is the perfect tool for design firms print shops corporate communications or anyone who requires a complete source for graphic color choices. the latest library has been designed with a bold new look to display the most innovative collection of pantone guides and books ever offered: - formula guides (coated uncoated matte) - color bridge coated - solid in hexachrome guide coated - metallic formula guide + chips - pastel formula guide + chips - tints four-guide set - 4-color process guides (coated uncoated) - solid chips three-book set manufacturer warranty:andnbsp;andnbsp;90 days COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL pantone inc. 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2419 COL r_rtable.description VAL pantone gps206 : pantone product reference library. replaces gps203. a perfect tool for desgin firms print shops corporate communications or anyone who requires a complete source for graphic color choices. *****direct ship only.********* no returns ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 554 COL l_ltable.description VAL topics entertainment instant immersion spanish deluxe 2.0. you set the pace for learning with this series of personalized beginner intermediate and advanced programs. with entertaining instruction on 20 key lessons including vocabulary grammar and phonetics you will quickly start speaking reading and writing spanish windows & xp pc only COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 154 COL r_rtable.description VAL topics entertainment instant immersion japanese 2.0 this 4 cd-rom suite immerses you in the learning process with cultural videos entertaining games and interactive dialogue with native speakers. windows & xp pc only COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 34 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL school zone 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2075 COL r_rtable.description VAL featuring ez play today notation. turbo music (software). general midi software. book & disk package. 9x12 inches. 48 pages. published by turbo music. you're the star! packs include fully-orchestrated accompaniments on disk for each song in the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 960 COL l_ltable.description VAL encore fate - arrive in the fabled forest town of grove and travel to the outskirts where the old wood meets the dungeon gate. past this iron-clad gate you will determine your destiny and build providence. get tips from townspeople to acquire power with unique weaponry and magic spells. your faithful companion (a cat or jack russell terrier) defends you against monsters that lurk within dark dangerous corridors. within these mysterious walls you'll find infinite adventure and perhaps fortune and glory. take the dare ...test your worth ...and determine your fate! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1291 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1235 COL l_ltable.description VAL after a troubled tropical trip and a wild winter retreat super granny is faced with her most ambitious adventure yet! granny's precious kitties are in an old-world theme park and she must rescue them before they get snatched by her enemies! 5 worlds and 200 levels of mayhem keep you entertained with new puzzles challenging dexterity stunts and beastly enemies. granny is tougher than ever as she wields her frying pan speeds in her super sneakers and floats on her umbrella to save her kitties.features new dangerous enemies to avoid plenty of tongue in cheek humor all-new level editor for endless possibilities COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3110 COL r_rtable.description VAL product requirements: mac os x 10.2.8 through 10.4 g3 400mhz or intel core processor 128mb ram COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 566 COL l_ltable.description VAL x-zoom movies on psp is the first commercial video & dvd software for the sony psp. it enables you to quickly convert your dvds or movie files into a format your psp can read and understand. get the best possible picture and audio quality for 10 different input formats: dvd (s)vcd divx avi wmv real mpeg and quicktime. over 10 presets make conversion easy and the fit-to-stick technology resizes movie files to your memory stick size. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL x-oom 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1622 COL r_rtable.description VAL enjoy countless hours of reading pleasure with this deluxe compilation of classic works from over 200 authors. features all the major classics of english literature including novels mysteries poetry sci-fi romance horror and more. annotate each ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1249 COL l_ltable.description VAL tell your story with maximum impact using adobe premiere pro cs3 software the start-to-finish solution for efficient video production that now includes adobe encore cs3 and adobe onlocation cs3 formerly the award-winning dv rack hd. save time from on-set capture using adobe onlocation through to output expand your creative options via integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop and deliver your content to dvd blu-ray disc the web and mobile devices. the powerful editing finishing and delivery tools in adobe premiere pro are now available on both mac and windows operating systems. capture edit and deliver to video dvd and the web adobe premiere pro cs3 software available for both mac and windows streamlines the entire video production process from direct-to-disk recording through editing to final delivery for tape disc the web and mobile devices. adobe premiere pro cs3 redefines productivity and flexibility for capturing editing and delivering video content. video professionals want to concentrate on storytelling--not on the nuts and bolts of production--and adobe premiere pro cs3 frees you to focus on telling your story. maximize image quality and work faster during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 software (requires windows and boot camp for mac ) included with adobe premiere pro to calibrate cameras monitor video signals and record directly to disk--all during the shoot. edit every major video format from dv to hd and beyond with adobe premiere pro cs3. improve efficiency and creativity with new workflow and new visual effects features. save time and expand creative options through tight integration with other adobe software including adobe after effects cs3 and adobe photoshop cs3. adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you author once and then output to blu-ray disc dvd and flash swf for the web. adobe premiere pro supports additional delivery platforms including flash and mobile devices letting you reach the widest audience possible. audience benefit corporate and government video producers--adobe premiere pro cs3 provides the tools you need to ensure excellent production values while working quickly to stay on schedule. edit with precise control add stunning effects and move content smoothly to adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop for even more creative control. streamline the review process with adobe clip notes and output to multiple formats quickly and easily to reach more people everywhere. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you communicate with high-quality video and imagery even with tight budgets and looming deadlines. export adobe encore cs3 projects as dvd blu-ray disc or flash. when you export as flash encore generates html flv and swf files that provide dvd-style chapter selection playback and interactivity through the flash player. event videographers--small crews and tight deadlines mean you need to work fast even while clients demand higher and higher production values. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you capture events directly to disc with included adobe onlocation cs3; work fast with precision editing tools including support for editing multicam shots; create compelling effects via tight integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop cs3; and use the included copy of adobe encore cs3 to deliver content however your clients need it whether on dvd blu-ray disc the web or mobile devices. independent filmmakers--your passion is storytelling. your challenge is finding the right software to handle every aspect of the production process and deliver hollywood-quality imagery. adobe premiere pro cs3 meets this need with a complete toolset for capturing footage direct-to-disc editing imagery and creating titles in post-production producing dvds and delivering web-ready content to promote your films on the internet. and with the included video workshop and training materials you'll have help through every stage of production. post-production boutiques--enjoy advanced editing tools as well as the uncompromised image quality and real-time performance you need in professional broadcast and film post-production. work with all major formats enjoy powerful effects and media management tools get unparalleled integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop software and increase efficiency with workflow enhancements such as adobe clip notes. with adobe premiere pro cs3 and adobe encore cs3 you can deliver your work in the format your client needs from adobe flash video through dvd and blu-ray disc to uncompressed hd. educators and students--adobe premiere pro cs3 offers a complete set of post-production tools that let you handle all aspects of filmmaking and post-production cost effectively from capturing and editing footage to creating titles dvds and promotional materials such as websites that feature video content. use flexible tools to express your creativity work with any file format on both windows and macintosh platforms and deliver your work across multiple media. what's new in adobe premiere pro cs3k dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. high-quality slow motion with time remapping create dramatic slow- and fast-motion effects without exporting clips to another application. with precise keyframe control real-time feedback and excellent quality from advanced frame blending you can slow things down without compromising quality. or generate even better in-between frames through pixel-motion analysis with the timewarp effect. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3 save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. adobe encore cs3 projects for the web with one click easily create adobe flash versions of your dvd and blu-ray disc projects for the web. use adobe encore cs3 to create flash content complete with dvd interactivity and menus without learning flash programming. multiple project windows with smart file search find files faster with search tools that instantly update their results list as you type. sort and organize assets into multiple project windows each with its own graphical or text view setting. display and handle media files making project management easier and more efficient. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. create stunning slow-motion and other retiming effects directly in the timeline by setting and moving time remapping keyframe markers. improve the look of your video with the three-way color corrector and the other precision color-correction tools in adobe premiere pro. improved editing efficiency work faster with powerful and flexible editing tools. play video with nested audio sequences in real time without rendering. replace any clip in the timeline with a new clip while preserving the replaced clip's editing attributes and settings. use shortcuts to switch between workspace panels and save time. output for mobile devices make your video viewable on the latest delivery platforms. encode video for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and simulate playback on those devices to check video quality. download profile updates to simulate the latest devices. flash video export with markers converted to cue points encode video and audio for flash projects and web playback with direct flash video (flv) export. adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline markers become flash cue points that trigger interactivity and navigation. create flash video with ease. improve efficiency and incorporate a tapeless workflow during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to monitor your camera's video signal and record it directly to a computer hard drive. additional features efficient tools for creative editing create high-quality visual and editorial effects directly within the editing timeline. generate slow motion and other time-remapping effects with precise keyframe control and real-time feedback. add color correction lighting and other effects audio filters and more with fast flexible and built-in tools. edit footage from multicam shoots with ease and precision. comprehensive video format compatibility work with the formats you want. edit all standard- or high-definition formats from dv through hdv to hd and beyond (some formats may require additional hardware). broad range of supporting hardware and software for mac and windows choose from a wide range of mac and windows workstations and capture cards to build the editing system that exactly meets your needs and budget. enhance your system with additional plug-ins including many from adobe after effects software. dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. superior integration with other adobe applications make the leading still and motion graphics applications adobe photoshop and after effects part of an efficient post-production workflow. import and animate photoshop layers. automatically create photoshop files that match the current project's frame size and aspect ratio. drag and drop or copy and paste clips and timelines between adobe premiere pro cs3 and after effects cs3 professional. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3 save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. delivery to the web and mobile devices make your video viewable on today's and tomorrow's delivery platforms. export as adobe flash video (flv). easily convert dvd projects complete with menus to flash swf files for web playback. encode for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and emulate playback on those devices to check playback quality. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. multicam editing view multiple video tracks from a multiple-camera shoot easily sync via timecode and edit by switching between tracks in real time. rerecord sections of your edit make fine adjustments using all the standard timeline editing tools and easily adjust color correction across multiple shots even after editing. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. mac os x compatibility use adobe premiere pro cs3 on the latest intel based macintosh computers. aaf and edl import/export exchange project metadata with major video film and audio applications via industry-standard advanced authoring format (aaf) aaf with edit protocol and edit decision list (edl) files (aaf import/export for windows only). comprehensive vtr support control video decks through rs-422 and rs-232 serial protocols or firewire for precise batch capturing recapturing and insert editing. file management with adobe bridge work more efficiently by using adobe bridge cs3 to search for and access your project files preview and apply settings run batch processes and tag assets with xmp metadata. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 111 COL r_rtable.description VAL multicore intel® processor (adobe® onlocation? cs3 is a windows application that may be used on macintosh using boot camp and windows sold separately) mac os x v.10.4.9 1gb of ram for dv; 2gb of ram for hdv and hd 10gb of available hard-disk space ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1229 COL l_ltable.description VAL math advantage 2008 was specially developed to supplement classroom curriculum by including great award-winning content that support state standards. in-depth lessons with sample problems and questions teach reinforce and track student progress in the different branches of mathematics. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 981 COL r_rtable.description VAL easily learn to read write and speak spanish with spanish advantage 2007. includes over 140 lessons more than 1000 vocabulary words and phrases and fun interactive games. also includes pronunciation coaching and conjugation. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1270 COL l_ltable.description VAL play against one of eight challenging computer opponents or take on your friends and family in four different game modes. play the way you remember in classic mode race against the clock in blitz climb to the top in a tournament or set up a custom tournament and play scrabble your way! play against a friend or a computer opponent with ai designed by real scrabble champions. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL destineer 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1022 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 35 COL l_ltable.description VAL based on the school zone workbook series this program teaches critical math skills with interactive activities and fun games. proven curriculum audio guidance and clear examples help your child master addition subtraction multiplication place values and other skills. the program randomizes problems with each use providing endless activities. the engaging games provide a helpful break. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL school zone 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1027 COL r_rtable.description VAL act! 2007 is a contact and customer manager that helps you make contact build relationships and get results. act! enables you to instantly access key contact and customer information manage and prioritize activities and track all contact-related ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 182 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 818 COL r_rtable.description VAL macintosh with powerpc processor: mac os x v.10.3.9 or 10.4 (universal binary) 700 mhz g4 processor 512 mb system ram (768 mb or more recommended) opengl enabled graphics card or chipset recommended (recent nvidia geforce and ati radeon preferred) ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 90 COL l_ltable.description VAL a rich and intriguing adventure in a&nbsp; world where murders are committed according to ancestral mystic beliefs...where nothing will be the same again. product informationa frightening ritualistic murder has taken place in an upscale hotel COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3169 COL r_rtable.description VAL a horrific ritualistic murder has taken place in an upscale hotel. enter gus macpherson a former american private detective now hired by a mysterious and sensuous woman sophia blake to find out who murdered her beloved sister and brother-in-law ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1039 COL l_ltable.description VAL instant immersion german audio (audio book) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 8 COL r_rtable.description VAL topics entertainment instant immersion italian 2.0 this 5 cd-rom suite immerses you in the learning process with cultural videos entertaining games and interactive lessons with native speakers windows/mac COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 486 COL l_ltable.description VAL evergirl is an action adventure title for young ladies who are out to find themselves. they'll take charge of four teenagers as they try to find their place in the world based on their personalities. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL thq 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 57 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. providing a seamless realtime workflow supporting all video acquisition ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 430 COL l_ltable.description VAL healthy eating can be easy and convenient and it can include your favorite foods. with 120 betty crocker recipes the cook'n low fat cd connects the dots between good taste good food and good nutrition. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dvo enterprises 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2832 COL r_rtable.description VAL overview get recover lost data and get peace of mind! gives you the power to restore your lost files with an easy-to-use and intuitive graphical recovery wizard. runs directly from a cd or installs to to the hard drive. powerful recovery tools find ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 652 COL l_ltable.description VAL vegas 6 combines real-time sd dv and hdv video editing with powerful audio tools for producing the high-quality results a professional would expect. this all-in-one environment mixes high-definition and high-fidelity for creative thinkers and editing professionals. the software delivers tremendous power incredible speed and maximum productivity in an uncomplicated efficient platform. over 30 customizable real-time audio effects including eq reverb delay and more new vst plug-in effects support -- expand your audio processing and mixing options new project nesting adds a vegas project to the timeline -- edit and apply effects COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony pictures digital entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2471 COL r_rtable.description VAL the diet choice for many world cultures for millennia vegetarian cuisine is widely recognized as innovative exciting and appetizing as well as healthy. with cookn vegetarian you have the benefit of healthy foods in half the time. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1075 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL bling 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1231 COL r_rtable.description VAL specifically designed for children sudoku for kids is a great parent/child learning tool for kids from pre-kindergarten to the 3rd grade. features include 21 challenging levels thousands of sudoku puzzles 6 selectable fun themes and a large game ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 757 COL l_ltable.description VAL apple's remote desktop 3: unlimited managed systems has the power to simplify administrative tasks and make managing networked mac os x systems easy and efficient. this new version has even more options for distributing software automating common tasks and providing remote assistance to your organization. the remote spotlight search gives you an instant at-a-glance view of the remote computers in your network. automator actions use third-party actions to create your own custom workflows which you can then save and reuse as needed. to help get you started more than 30 automator actions have been included. the autoinstall feature of apple remote desktop 3 you can stage software to install on remote mobile or offline systems. just stage the software and when the computer is back on the network apple remote desktop will automatically update the system. other features are described below. special license for up to 10 managed systems. user history reports give you detailed information on who is using a computer when they logged in and out and how they accessed the computer smart computer lists track computers easily -- specify a set of rules based on 11 attributes; any computer that matches the rules you set automatically gets added to the list save frequently-used tasks as task templates that you can reuse whenever you need them over 30 sample unix scripts are included to help with setting desktop pictures time zone settings energy saving settings and more COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2725 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements mac os x v10.3.9 or later; some features require mac os x v10.4 ethernet (recommended) airport (802.11b/g) or ip over firewire network connection requires mac os x v10.4 tiger or later on client system. requires mac os x v10.4 ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 887 COL l_ltable.description VAL hoyle casino the best-selling casino game of all time offers excitement and challenge with over 500 variations of 16 of the most popular casino games COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 46 COL r_rtable.description VAL turn a deck of cards into 18 games of hours of fun! enjoy the classic card games from bridge canasta euchre and solitaire to spades gin rummy go fish and so many more! included free is a friday night poker cd with 13 additional games and two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1119 COL l_ltable.description VAL prey is a groundbreaking first-person shooter that turns the genre upside-down with new gameplay features and next generation graphics. breaking the traditional first-person shooter format prey introduces innovative gameplay elements including wall-walking portals spirit-walking and gravity flipping which allows for insane eight player deathmatches. prey tells the story of tommy a cherokee garage mechanic stuck on a reservation and going nowhere. his life changes when an otherworldly crisis forces him to awaken spiritual powers from his long-forgotten birthright. abducted along with his people to a menacing mothership orbiting earth he sets out to save himself and his girlfriend and ultimately his planet. multiplayer ­ multiplayer games take complete advantage of the unique gameplay styles of prey as players walk on the ceilings and walls while the map¹s gravity flips from side to side note - may require advanced video processing capabilities on your mac computer COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1613 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: mac os x v10.3.9 or later 1ghz g4/g4/intel mac 256 mb ram 1 gb hd space 32 mb vram internet connection (for net play) COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 683 COL l_ltable.description VAL suitcase fusion is the next-generation professional font manager for your office or studio. it fuses the power of font reserve with the award-winning usability of suitcase giving you more reliable font management -- no matter how many fonts you use how many documents you work with or how demanding your workflow. eliminate the guesswork in working with fonts and ensure that you have the exact version of the font you need. eliminate unnecessary font conflicts avoid potential font wrecks (missing fonts corrupt fonts etc.) and stop duplicate font issues from interrupting your workflow. use suitcase fusion to achieve reliable stable and hassle-free font management! preview pane allows you to select activate even export fonts directly optimized font file support for dealing with legacy fonts duplicate font handling for easy filtering and removing of dupes application set attaches a font set to an application; every time the software opens so does the set detailed html reports for tracking font adding activity COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL extensis 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 324 COL r_rtable.description VAL macintosh system requirements current version: 12.0.1 mac os x 10.3.9 or higher g4 processor at 1ghz or faster 256mb ram (512mb recommended) 30mb or more font storage cd-rom for installation COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 70 COL l_ltable.description VAL wasp fontware is a powerful bar code utility that seamlessly integrates truetype fonts with your favorite business software and database applications. wasp bar code fonts are compatible with all windows applications including the most common word processors and spreadsheets. easily create bar codes simply by using a font. generating bar codes has never been easier! wasp fontware professional+ package includes additional add-ins for word excel access and crystal reports. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL informatics 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1126 COL r_rtable.description VAL keep your pc safe! zonealarm pro incorporates award-winning firewall technology with privacy features to help keep you and your computer safe. zonealarm pro blocks hackers data thieves worms and over 47 types of malicious e-mail attachments. it ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1156 COL l_ltable.description VAL protogo turns your old portable drives or ipods into a bootable diagnostic device. quickly load up micromat's most powerful tools or any of your own utilities. select the device select the desired profile and then press a single button -- protogo will format and configure the device and then install all of the system files and tools you'll need. you can even load up a full-blown mac os x installation including a finder classic and multiple utility programs. protogo includes several profiles for standard system/utility configurations so that you can easily set up a device for your particular needs. rebuild volume directories boot different mac os versions recover data from damaged volumes repartition your drives without losing data run all kinds of utilities system requirements - macintosh capable of running mac os x 10.4 or above / mac os x 10.4 or greater / dvd-rom drive / 512 mb ram or greater / 2 gb or larger target device like an older ipod or other external media device COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL micromat 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2818 COL r_rtable.description VAL macintosh capable of running mac os x 10.4 or above mac os x 10.4 or greater. dvd-rom drive. 512 mb ram or greater. 2 gb or larger target device like an older ipod or other external media device. * features denoted with * are only available on os 9 ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 868 COL l_ltable.description VAL quicken basic 2007 lets you track all your financial information and make the right spending decisions. you'll have all you need to know about your financial status right at your fingertips and make informed choices in minutes. quicken basic works just like your checkbook so it's easy to get started. you'll be able to see your complete financial picture in minutes! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL intuit 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1031 COL r_rtable.description VAL quicken 2004 basic helps you balance your checkbook pay your bills and track your spending. here are three easy steps to start organizing your finances: balance your checkbook and pay bills get started with quicken guided setup. it asks for your ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1270 COL l_ltable.description VAL play against one of eight challenging computer opponents or take on your friends and family in four different game modes. play the way you remember in classic mode race against the clock in blitz climb to the top in a tournament or set up a custom tournament and play scrabble your way! play against a friend or a computer opponent with ai designed by real scrabble champions. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL destineer 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2324 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. because the iriscard pro is a twain scanner you can also digitize your 4x6 pictures much COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 443 COL l_ltable.description VAL mah jong quest is more than an addictive puzzle game - it's an original cinematic experience. after three dragons wreak havoc over the empire young kwazi must use an ancient set of mah jong tiles to restore balance. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL united developers 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1613 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: mac os x v10.3.9 or later 1ghz g4/g4/intel mac 256 mb ram 1 gb hd space 32 mb vram internet connection (for net play) COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 499 COL l_ltable.description VAL special limited edition with 4 products in one box! product information it doesn't get more real than this.&nbsp; police quest's four action-packedstories throw you instantly into a cop's daily life.&nbsp; investigatehomicides.&nbsp; foil drug rings.&nbsp; track down a serial killer.&nbsp; formerlapd chief daryl gates is on hand with real-world experience. the closest experience to being COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL vivendi games 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 387 COL r_rtable.description VAL it doesn't get more real than this. police quest's four action-packed stories throw you instantly into a cop's daily life. investigate homicides. foil drug rings. track down a serial killer. former lapd chief daryl gates is on hand with real-world ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1131 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL simply put software llc 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 196 COL r_rtable.description VAL grass valley procoder 3 continues to provide high-speed high-quality video conversion between multiple formats incorporating the existing features and workflow options found in procoder 2.0 and adding several key new features including canopus hq ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1249 COL l_ltable.description VAL tell your story with maximum impact using adobe premiere pro cs3 software the start-to-finish solution for efficient video production that now includes adobe encore cs3 and adobe onlocation cs3 formerly the award-winning dv rack hd. save time from on-set capture using adobe onlocation through to output expand your creative options via integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop and deliver your content to dvd blu-ray disc the web and mobile devices. the powerful editing finishing and delivery tools in adobe premiere pro are now available on both mac and windows operating systems. capture edit and deliver to video dvd and the web adobe premiere pro cs3 software available for both mac and windows streamlines the entire video production process from direct-to-disk recording through editing to final delivery for tape disc the web and mobile devices. adobe premiere pro cs3 redefines productivity and flexibility for capturing editing and delivering video content. video professionals want to concentrate on storytelling--not on the nuts and bolts of production--and adobe premiere pro cs3 frees you to focus on telling your story. maximize image quality and work faster during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 software (requires windows and boot camp for mac ) included with adobe premiere pro to calibrate cameras monitor video signals and record directly to disk--all during the shoot. edit every major video format from dv to hd and beyond with adobe premiere pro cs3. improve efficiency and creativity with new workflow and new visual effects features. save time and expand creative options through tight integration with other adobe software including adobe after effects cs3 and adobe photoshop cs3. adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you author once and then output to blu-ray disc dvd and flash swf for the web. adobe premiere pro supports additional delivery platforms including flash and mobile devices letting you reach the widest audience possible. audience benefit corporate and government video producers--adobe premiere pro cs3 provides the tools you need to ensure excellent production values while working quickly to stay on schedule. edit with precise control add stunning effects and move content smoothly to adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop for even more creative control. streamline the review process with adobe clip notes and output to multiple formats quickly and easily to reach more people everywhere. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you communicate with high-quality video and imagery even with tight budgets and looming deadlines. export adobe encore cs3 projects as dvd blu-ray disc or flash. when you export as flash encore generates html flv and swf files that provide dvd-style chapter selection playback and interactivity through the flash player. event videographers--small crews and tight deadlines mean you need to work fast even while clients demand higher and higher production values. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you capture events directly to disc with included adobe onlocation cs3; work fast with precision editing tools including support for editing multicam shots; create compelling effects via tight integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop cs3; and use the included copy of adobe encore cs3 to deliver content however your clients need it whether on dvd blu-ray disc the web or mobile devices. independent filmmakers--your passion is storytelling. your challenge is finding the right software to handle every aspect of the production process and deliver hollywood-quality imagery. adobe premiere pro cs3 meets this need with a complete toolset for capturing footage direct-to-disc editing imagery and creating titles in post-production producing dvds and delivering web-ready content to promote your films on the internet. and with the included video workshop and training materials you'll have help through every stage of production. post-production boutiques--enjoy advanced editing tools as well as the uncompromised image quality and real-time performance you need in professional broadcast and film post-production. work with all major formats enjoy powerful effects and media management tools get unparalleled integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop software and increase efficiency with workflow enhancements such as adobe clip notes. with adobe premiere pro cs3 and adobe encore cs3 you can deliver your work in the format your client needs from adobe flash video through dvd and blu-ray disc to uncompressed hd. educators and students--adobe premiere pro cs3 offers a complete set of post-production tools that let you handle all aspects of filmmaking and post-production cost effectively from capturing and editing footage to creating titles dvds and promotional materials such as websites that feature video content. use flexible tools to express your creativity work with any file format on both windows and macintosh platforms and deliver your work across multiple media. what's new in adobe premiere pro cs3k dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. high-quality slow motion with time remapping create dramatic slow- and fast-motion effects without exporting clips to another application. with precise keyframe control real-time feedback and excellent quality from advanced frame blending you can slow things down without compromising quality. or generate even better in-between frames through pixel-motion analysis with the timewarp effect. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3 save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. adobe encore cs3 projects for the web with one click easily create adobe flash versions of your dvd and blu-ray disc projects for the web. use adobe encore cs3 to create flash content complete with dvd interactivity and menus without learning flash programming. multiple project windows with smart file search find files faster with search tools that instantly update their results list as you type. sort and organize assets into multiple project windows each with its own graphical or text view setting. display and handle media files making project management easier and more efficient. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. create stunning slow-motion and other retiming effects directly in the timeline by setting and moving time remapping keyframe markers. improve the look of your video with the three-way color corrector and the other precision color-correction tools in adobe premiere pro. improved editing efficiency work faster with powerful and flexible editing tools. play video with nested audio sequences in real time without rendering. replace any clip in the timeline with a new clip while preserving the replaced clip's editing attributes and settings. use shortcuts to switch between workspace panels and save time. output for mobile devices make your video viewable on the latest delivery platforms. encode video for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and simulate playback on those devices to check video quality. download profile updates to simulate the latest devices. flash video export with markers converted to cue points encode video and audio for flash projects and web playback with direct flash video (flv) export. adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline markers become flash cue points that trigger interactivity and navigation. create flash video with ease. improve efficiency and incorporate a tapeless workflow during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to monitor your camera's video signal and record it directly to a computer hard drive. additional features efficient tools for creative editing create high-quality visual and editorial effects directly within the editing timeline. generate slow motion and other time-remapping effects with precise keyframe control and real-time feedback. add color correction lighting and other effects audio filters and more with fast flexible and built-in tools. edit footage from multicam shoots with ease and precision. comprehensive video format compatibility work with the formats you want. edit all standard- or high-definition formats from dv through hdv to hd and beyond (some formats may require additional hardware). broad range of supporting hardware and software for mac and windows choose from a wide range of mac and windows workstations and capture cards to build the editing system that exactly meets your needs and budget. enhance your system with additional plug-ins including many from adobe after effects software. dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. superior integration with other adobe applications make the leading still and motion graphics applications adobe photoshop and after effects part of an efficient post-production workflow. import and animate photoshop layers. automatically create photoshop files that match the current project's frame size and aspect ratio. drag and drop or copy and paste clips and timelines between adobe premiere pro cs3 and after effects cs3 professional. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3 save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. delivery to the web and mobile devices make your video viewable on today's and tomorrow's delivery platforms. export as adobe flash video (flv). easily convert dvd projects complete with menus to flash swf files for web playback. encode for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and emulate playback on those devices to check playback quality. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. multicam editing view multiple video tracks from a multiple-camera shoot easily sync via timecode and edit by switching between tracks in real time. rerecord sections of your edit make fine adjustments using all the standard timeline editing tools and easily adjust color correction across multiple shots even after editing. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. mac os x compatibility use adobe premiere pro cs3 on the latest intel based macintosh computers. aaf and edl import/export exchange project metadata with major video film and audio applications via industry-standard advanced authoring format (aaf) aaf with edit protocol and edit decision list (edl) files (aaf import/export for windows only). comprehensive vtr support control video decks through rs-422 and rs-232 serial protocols or firewire for precise batch capturing recapturing and insert editing. file management with adobe bridge work more efficiently by using adobe bridge cs3 to search for and access your project files preview and apply settings run batch processes and tag assets with xmp metadata. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL adobe 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3166 COL r_rtable.description VAL multicore intel® processor (adobe® onlocation? cs3 is a windows application that may be used on macintosh using boot camp and windows sold separately) mac os x v.10.4.9 1gb of ram for dv; 2gb of ram for hdv and hd 10gb of available hard-disk space ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 363 COL l_ltable.description VAL iwork '06 features two powerful applications for creating everything from school newsletters to business presentations. with pages 2 you can quickly create a wide variety of stunning documents. with keynote 3 you can produce cinema-quality presentations storyboards and more. iwork '06 lets you express yourself with style. pages 2 helps you create stunning documents quickly and easily. choose from beautiful document templates. reviewer comments make it easy to collaborate. pages 2 introducing pages 2. thanks to new text and image editing tools it's the easiest way to look good in print. use apple-designed templates to build stunning documents in minutes. quickly add photos with the built-in ilife media browser. format your text in minutes with elegant predefined styles. add punch to your page with multiple columns self-calculating tables and engaging 3d charts. add modern design -- start with a template in pages 2 and your document is halfway to gorgeous. choose from 25 new templates including posters flyers scrapbooks folding cards technical reports business invoices proposals screenplays and storyboards. top the charts -- pages 2 lets you add beautifully designed 3d charts to any document. edit your chart then position it perfectly using the 3d rotation wheel. from there you can add even more depth and realism by applying multiple lighting styles angles reflections and shadows. get in shape -- explore your options with curves shapes and masks in pages 2. choose from new shapes insert the one you like best then customize it by adding points or sides. you can even create custom shapes using new bezier curves. when you're done creating the perfect shape you can use it to mask any photo in your document. put it on the table -- leave it to pages 2 to make mere tables more interesting. add text graphics and photos to tables then get ready to do the math: tables in pages 2 let you perform spreadsheet-style calculations without ever leaving your document -- a perfect solution for adding numbers late in the game. sign seal deliver -- never again fear the mail merge. pages 2 boasts seamless integration with mac os x address book so creating personalized documents for individuals or groups is suddenly simple. stationery templates offer predefined address book links: all you do is drag in contacts and pages automatically personalizes your documents to match. thank you notes -- with new reviewer comments in pages 2 you can take notes. type reminders to-dos or revision notes right on your document. every comment you make appears in a handy sidebar that won't affect layout or pagination. plus you can easily hide comments so they won't clutter up your document and keep you from the important business of writing editing and printing. keynote 3 offers the easiest way to create stunning presentations. choose from beautiful presentation templates. wow your audience with beautiful transitions and effects. keynote 3 grab and hold your audience's attention with keynote 3 the latest generation of apple's stunning presentation software. perhaps you'd like to make a business proposal. highlight the quarter's results for investors. dazzle viewers with your photos of the southwest. whatever your story make it into an exquisite presentation with laser-sharp graphics. captivate any audience -- transitions and effects in keynote 3 help you build cinema-quality presentations. new transitions give you more choices for transporting your audience from slide to slide flexible text animation puts your words in the spotlight and interleaved builds offer additional options for every element in your slides. enjoy variations on a theme -- themes in keynote 3 include everything you need to maintain a consistent look and feel throughout your presentation. keynote 3 offers eye-popping new hd themes ideal for high-definition displays (1920x1080 resolution) as well as new themes for standard-definition displays. plus themes now include a coordinated set of textures and colors designed for 3d charts and master slides with bulleted text in multiple columns. shape your slides -- add some artistic influence to your presentation thanks to 10 different shapes in keynote 3. choose from stars and polygons then customize your shapes by adding points and sides. and if you can't find the perfect shape new bezier curves let you personalize existing shapes or create your own from scratch. when you're done shaping up you can easily mask a photo using any standard or custom shape. you can compute -- with room for text graphics and photos tables in keynote 3 let you perform simple spreadsheet-style calculations without leaving your slide. that means you can change your presentation on a dime -- even if final data arrives late. duly noted -- note to self: let keynote 3 help you organize your thoughts with new reviewer comments. leave yourself presentation pointers jot down a list or two even incorporate feedback from rehearsals. these handy comments behave like sticky notes so they're easy to write edit and move around on your slides. plus they disappear in presentation mode keeping everything clutter-free. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2974 COL r_rtable.description VAL minimum system requirements macintosh computer with 500mhz or faster powerpc g4 or g5 processor or intel core duo processor mac os x 10.3.9 or 10.4.3 or later 3gb of available disk space 256mb of ram minimum; 512mb recommended 32mb or more video ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1043 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL mobi 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2574 COL r_rtable.description VAL easily set-up and monitor your home or business observation system from anywhere notification of alarm and viewing via e-mail internet or cell phone multiple camera support with simultaneous recording compatible with usb parallel port firewire ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL mobi-cam 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 164 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 827 COL r_rtable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1294 COL l_ltable.description VAL math success deluxe 2008 offers a full set of educator-approved learning exercises that help children build their math skills. students at any learning level will benefit from these great learning tools and lessons. each essential math skill is introduced and fully covered then tested through interesting games that keep kids' attention and help them learn faster. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2938 COL r_rtable.description VAL covers 13 subjects and includes 8 cd-roms ages 10 & up grades 4-12 includes addition subtraction multiplication division and forty-nine pre-algebra topics including fractions and decimals ratios and proportions radicals the metric system and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 70 COL l_ltable.description VAL wasp fontware is a powerful bar code utility that seamlessly integrates truetype fonts with your favorite business software and database applications. wasp bar code fonts are compatible with all windows applications including the most common word processors and spreadsheets. easily create bar codes simply by using a font. generating bar codes has never been easier! wasp fontware professional+ package includes additional add-ins for word excel access and crystal reports. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL informatics 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 365 COL r_rtable.description VAL join chuck the dump truck and all of his tonka friends in the town where every building and vehicle talks - even buildings and parking meters! there are so many jobs to do in tonka town. you can do everything from collecting the mail to picking up ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 430 COL l_ltable.description VAL healthy eating can be easy and convenient and it can include your favorite foods. with 120 betty crocker recipes the cook'n low fat cd connects the dots between good taste good food and good nutrition. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dvo enterprises 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1622 COL r_rtable.description VAL enjoy countless hours of reading pleasure with this deluxe compilation of classic works from over 200 authors. features all the major classics of english literature including novels mysteries poetry sci-fi romance horror and more. annotate each ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1147 COL l_ltable.description VAL our most popular selling product the pro edition is designed for the professional filmmaker. everything is at your fingertips including a full contact manager complete budgeting and scheduling locations film festivals and more. the best thing about gorilla is that it is simple. other budgeting and scheduling programs are complex convoluted and hard to navigate through. gorilla has a simple menu-driven interface and is very easy to learn. ...and it's not only budgeting and scheduling. take a closer look at all the features this program has to offer. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL jungle software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1622 COL r_rtable.description VAL enjoy countless hours of reading pleasure with this deluxe compilation of classic works from over 200 authors. features all the major classics of english literature including novels mysteries poetry sci-fi romance horror and more. annotate each ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 879 COL l_ltable.description VAL the print shop deluxe edition 22 gives you all the tools you need to design and publish professional business materials creative projects and web pages. a wealth of photo manipulation tools at your fingertips helps you get closer to the final product. see all that you can do with print shop design suite. with the deluxe edition you can express your creativity promote your business design your own web site and much more all from one place. your complete source for designing powerful publications for all of your home and business needs pro publisher deluxe edition lets you create banners letterhead business cards postcards and more. find out which version of the print shop is right for you. 22 000 templates and 350 000 graphics at your fingertips with 22 000 pre-designed project templates to choose from it's easy to start your next project from scratch. deluxe edition features flexible design and layout tools more than 700 fonts a complete logo creator and several professional quality printing options that will help you tailor your projects to your precise needs. you can design layouts for multimedia presentations letterhead business cards greeting cards forms multi-page brochures stationery sets cd/dvd labels newsletters and much more. a multi-page booklet template helps you create exciting projects including programs menus informational pamphlets brochures and more. you can even turn your family's history into a work of art with the unique and fun-to-use family tree templates! deluxe edition offers a wider variety of paper sizes with several new templates including 4x6 inches for notecards and postcard 11x17 inch pages and square 6x6 8x8 and 12x12 page sizes. when it's time to add the perfect image to your project deluxe edition features a gallery for more than 400 000 premium images (including 2 500 getty images) that include photos graphics illustrations web art backgrounds and textures seasonal images and more. you'll always have the ideal template and the perfect image to complete your project. the program also includes 2 900 sentiments so you'll have the precise tools to add the perfect phrase or quote to your design. you can find the perfect project or image template every time with advanced search tools. an advanced search function lets you conveniently search by type tone category or keyword. when you purchase deluxe edition you also receive six months of free access to the million image club where you will find even more images to complement your designs. advanced design and print tools a convenient pdf tool lets you easily convert your projects and images into pdf files for easy sharing while maintaining high resolution and color accuracy. you also have access to tools that let you create sophisticated web pages with no html coding skills required. simple drag-and-drop capabilities allow you to move images and text to where you want them. some of the advanced html features include dynamic web templates rollover effects hotspots online form creation and spell check. professional graphic tools give you the power to manipulate your images so that you can take your business communications to the next level. with deluxe edition you'll master tools that let you create and edit vector art create 3-d shapes add 3-d texture effects and even draw using pastel charcoal and watercolor. and when it's time to print deluxe edition offers the advantages of several professional print options such as borderless printing and printing directly on printable cds/dvds. you can print multiple labels with a variety of images or text simultaneously on one sheet -- a feature that's perfect for mass mailings or customizing a variety of labels with ease. you can even personalize your ipod skin with your favorite photo pictures of your friends a cool design or more. these are only some of the many ways that deluxe edition can help you business grow and your personal projects thrive. the possibilities are endless; the only limit with deluxe edition is your imagination. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 79 COL r_rtable.description VAL overview create professional projects with all the tools you need in one complete package! this powerful version of the print shop deluxe is loaded with all of your favorite features and even more valuable tools and programs than ever before. ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1140 COL l_ltable.description VAL risk ii resurrects the classic game of military strategy. you're battling to conquer the world. to win you must launch attacks and defend yourself on all sides. the dangers are great but so are the rewards -- if you're willing to take the risk. the classic game of strategic warfare and global domination. it is the time of empires and armies countries and conquests. organize your forces in a ruthless campaign to crush your enemies and take their territories in this fast paced game of strategy negotiation and luck. see the classic family hit come to life with more ways to play advanced map options superior graphics and animated battles. deploy your troops attack your enemies and even betray your allies in an aggressive effort to take over the world! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2282 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. release date: 04/01/2006 COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL navarre distribution services 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 940 COL l_ltable.description VAL monopoly 3 brings the best-selling board game to the pc with fresh new features and gameplay that has captivated generations. featuring cleverly animated tokens bright 3d graphics and the choice of 10 different major city gameboards plus the classic gameboard. compete with up to six players or wheel and deal over the internet. (internet play requires optional fee.) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 338 COL r_rtable.description VAL covers what the basic beginner needs to know about playing the drums. step-by-step video lessons and a guide to reading music! the interactive guide will show you how to get started from selecting the right drum set to playing beats and rolls that ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 931 COL l_ltable.description VAL with the wide variety of viruses hackers and blended threats lurking on the internet today you need more than a simple antivirus program to keep your pc and files secure. mcafee virusscan plus antivirus firewall & antispyware is the essential combination of protection to combat and defeat even the most sophisticated attacks. surf the web and download files safely knowing mcafee shields your computer around the clock. the mcafee securitycenter lets you view your protection status with just one click. view larger. mcafee offers a variety of software solutions to give you the level of protection that's right for your family or small business. view larger. 3-in-1 protection mcafee virusscan plus is 3-in-1 protection from viruses hackers and spyware that you can trust. relax knowing that you always have the latest protection updates software upgrades and enhancements delivered to you automatically. with mcafee you always have the most up-to-date protection. stop viruses. mcafee virusscan plus automatically blocks cleans and removes viruses so you can surf the web the safely. it cleans files e-mails internet downloads and instant messaging attachments and prevents the spread of viruses to co-workers friends and family. block spyware. mcafee also blocks spyware before it can install on your computer and removes existing spyware. secure your identity and privacy - while also keeping your pc from getting clogged with unnecessary programs and files. stop hackers. mcafee virusscan plus protects and conceals your computer from hackers so you can connect to the internet safely. the built-in firewall automatically denies internet access to malicious applications while allowing trusted programs to connect without unnecessary alerts or false alarms. in addition you are fully integrated with hackerwatch.org an anti-hacking database that provides additional tools and resources on hacker activities. security simplified the new mcafee securitycenter makes security easy. with one-click you can view your protection status. you can also check for updates and fix potential security issues. safe searching with mcafee siteadvisor in addition to 3-in-1 protection you get mcafee siteadvisor's web safety ratings which help you stay safe from adware spyware spam and online scams as you search browse and shop online. always on always protecting always updating when you install mcafee virusscan plus you are subscribing to the most up-to-date security software delivered to you by mcafee's patented security as a service (sas) technology. daily threat protection and updates are delivered to you 24/7 from mcafee's world-class research center mcafee avert labs. free software upgrades and enhancements are provided as long as your subscription is active. mcafee offers a variety of renewal options to keep your mcafee protection current. teams of experts are available 24/7 via internet chat and e-mail by visiting www.mcafeehelp.com. there is a 30-day money-back guarantee. if you are not 100% satisfied mcafee offers a full refund. new and improved features for 2007 mcafee virusscan plus includes these new and improved features: new: integrated anti-virus anti-spyware and firewall technologies. improved: spyware protection detects blocks and removes spyware and adware. new: complete inbound and outbound firewall protection automatically trusts known good applications and helps block spyware trojans and key loggers. new: mcafee systemguards watch your computer for specific behaviors that may signal virus spyware or hacker activity. new: mcafee x-ray for windows detects and kills rootkits and other malicious applications that hide from windows and other anti-virus programs. new: mcafee siteadvisor adds safety ratings to sites and search engine results based on comprehensive spam adware and online scam safety tests. new: stealth mode hides your presence on the internet. improved: mcafee securitycenter. new: mcafee network manager monitors pcs across your network for security weaknesses so you can easily identify network security issues. new: built-in computer health and performance tools. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL mcafee 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 993 COL r_rtable.description VAL stop viruses and keep your pc safe with mcafee virusscan 8.0! virusscan is an easy-to-use antivirus solution that ensures your pc is protected from viruses worms trojans spyware and other malicious threats. virusscan stops threats coming from ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 923 COL l_ltable.description VAL microsoft outlook 2007 is a comprehensive time and information manager for your busy digital life. you'll never have problems with personal information again. take control of the tools you need to prioritize organize and search. schedule and block off time to follow up on items manage your daily priorities and use windows sharepoint services technology to manage every aspect of your digital life more effectively. manage your shared information and content in one interface through sharepoint services -- documents calendars contacts tasks and other information are easier than ever to handle stay safe from junk mail and phishing web sites - the improved junk e-mail filter and has added new features that disable links and warn you about threatening content within an e-mail message color-code your information for easier organization -- it's a simple visual way to distinguish items from one another manage all your blogs to rss feeds directly through outlook 2007 new attachment preview helps you see your office outlook 2007 attachments with one click directly in the reading pane saving you time and effort COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 162 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: gather and organize notes search efficiently work more effectively synchronize info ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 888 COL l_ltable.description VAL montage 1.0 is the only screenwriting software exclusively developed for mac os x. it melds a simple user interface with powerful and intuitive features -- providing the best possible writing experience. montage makes it easy to create edit and manage screenplays on your macintosh. using it you can import final draft documents use pre-formatted templates for film tv radio and theater. montage guides the first time screenwriter or the seasoned veteran from start to finish. once your masterpiece is complete you can send your query synopsis and scripts to hundreds of included industry contacts through montage's integration with apple's address book. montage backs up any and all activity within the product native support for cocoa universal and accessible smart views allow writers to visually filter the script to the desired content based on criteria COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL mariner software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 383 COL r_rtable.description VAL startopia takes gamers to a once thriving galactic network of starships space stations and planets left lifeless with redundant scars of the apocalypse. as stationmaster your mission is to rebuild the abandoned space stations reunite the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 735 COL l_ltable.description VAL brand new full retail box COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 125 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements * macintosh computer with a powerpc g4 powerpc g5 or intel core processor; 733mhz or faster for idvd * 256mb of ram 512mb recommended * mac os x v10.3.9 or v10.4.3 or later; v10.4.4 recommended * itunes 6.0.2 and quicktime ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1147 COL l_ltable.description VAL our most popular selling product the pro edition is designed for the professional filmmaker. everything is at your fingertips including a full contact manager complete budgeting and scheduling locations film festivals and more. the best thing about gorilla is that it is simple. other budgeting and scheduling programs are complex convoluted and hard to navigate through. gorilla has a simple menu-driven interface and is very easy to learn. ...and it's not only budgeting and scheduling. take a closer look at all the features this program has to offer. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL jungle software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3014 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements mac os x (version 10.3.9 or higher with latest revision applied) macintosh® computer with a 700 mhz or faster power pc® g4 power pc g5 or intel® processor 256 mb of ram (512 mb recommended) mouse or tablet 24-bit color display ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1355 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL core learning 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2075 COL r_rtable.description VAL featuring ez play today notation. turbo music (software). general midi software. book & disk package. 9x12 inches. 48 pages. published by turbo music. you're the star! packs include fully-orchestrated accompaniments on disk for each song in the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1029 COL l_ltable.description VAL more brain games combines entertainment with mental stimulation for people of all ages who want to play brain challenging games. you'll never get tired of the challenge these games can offer -- and solving them can provide a sense of accomplishment and well-being. it's a great time for the casual gamer that's looking for both fun and intellectual benefits from gaming. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL csdc 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3014 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements mac os x (version 10.3.9 or higher with latest revision applied) macintosh® computer with a 700 mhz or faster power pc® g4 power pc g5 or intel® processor 256 mb of ram (512 mb recommended) mouse or tablet 24-bit color display ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1357 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL individual software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1538 COL r_rtable.description VAL customize over 95 reports and create monthly budgets with bookkeeper 2007. create general ledger financial statements banking payroll accounts payable and receivable reports. import vendor customer and product information in a variety of ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 720 COL l_ltable.description VAL math learning tool for ages 5 - 9 COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL the learning company 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 26 COL r_rtable.description VAL the pressure is on for you to pop the pieces before they fill up the screen! incredible fast-paced mind-popping fun! multiple game variations keep this classic fun fresh and addicting to play! includes 12 ways to play 5 skill levels and much ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 740 COL l_ltable.description VAL readiris pro 11 is one of the most powerful and accurate ocr solutions designed for home and professional users. when you need to convert any paper pdf or image documents into digital files that you can edit share and save readiris pro 11 will do it all. it retypes scanned documents and image files and converts pdf files in editable text maintaining the original layout and offering an unprecedented speed and ocr accuracy. a powerful productivity booster for flatbed scanners all-in-one devices and digital cameras readiris pro can revolutionize the way you scan and convert documents. note: this product is for pcs only. readiris pro 11 is also available for macs. select your scanner define the scanner settings and enable the proper system options (page deskewing page analysis page orientation). readiris pro 11 does the rest. view larger. choose ms word as the output format click on recognize + save and within seconds your text is converted and exported in word ready to be edited. view larger. if you have a scanned image with tables readiris will converted in editable tables you can export in excel. view larger. readiris will let you convert hand printed capital text in digital text you can edit with your preferred software. view larger. document preparation in three easy steps turning hardcopy text images or pdfs into editable text is as easy as 1 2 3. first you scan your document with your flatbed scanner or open a pdf file or image document. (readiris pro 11 is compatible with the most commonly used images and pdf files.). once the file is opened in the software you click on recognize and save and within seconds your document is converted into and editable digital file. the final step is to export your document into you favorite application such as word excel acrobat (pdf) internet explorer (html) and more. readiris pro will save you incredible amounts of retyping time. the program's new ocr engine is optimized for speed and accuracy and features over 70 new major improvements from previous versions. not only will readiris pro 11 give you 30 percent greater text accuracy its advanced autoformat technology perfectly retains the layout of the original document in the output. and most amazingly it can perform these tasks with 126 languages. (the software's user interface is localized in 21 languages; see system requirements for a list of the supported interface languages.) the ideal pdf solution readiris pro can open your pdf file (even read-only pdfs) and generate four different types of pdf files: fully searchable image over text text over image text only and image only. you can also edit your pdf into several of the supported output formats such as word and excel. and when you need to scan text into a pdf file readiris pro can do that as well. you can convert your incoming faxes letters or any paper documents into fully searchable pdf files quickly and accurately. it couldn't be any quicker or easier. multi-page scanning ability and more readiris pro features a convenient interval scanning mode that allows you to manually set the time interval between scans to greatly simplify the scanning process for multi-page documents on a flatbed scanner. this multi-page mode applies to both hard-copy as well as digital documents such as such as tiff or pdf files. with support for the new microsoft formats wordml and spreadsheet ml readiris lets you accurately reproduce any kind of table in your office documents. based on xml the new formats generate richer editing and formatting of files that are optimized for windows office 2003. your tables can be perfectly reproduced in excel 2003 retaining the text and even the colored background. readiris pro even lets you digitize hand-printed notes and 23 types of barcodes including 2-d barcodes. the information contained in your barcode is automatically retyped into your application. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL global marketing partners 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2324 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. because the iriscard pro is a twain scanner you can also digitize your 4x6 pictures much COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1131 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL simply put software llc 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1104 COL r_rtable.description VAL macbackup makes computer backup quick and easy! backup wizards are categorized to instantly backup everything on your computer or only your photos music and movies. easily store backups to virtually any kind of media: cd dvd zip disks network ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 387 COL l_ltable.description VAL transform your photos into professional-looking montages! this unique software uses hundreds of mini-size photos as tiles to recreate your favorite digital photo into one great masterpiece. turn memorable moments into priceless keepsakes create montages to showcase your company's products or services and more! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL selectsoft publishing 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 616 COL r_rtable.description VAL transform your photos into professional-looking montages! this unique software uses hundreds of mini-size photos as tiles to recreate your favorite digital photo into one great masterpiece. turn memorable moments into priceless keepsakes create ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 25 COL l_ltable.description VAL startopia takes gamers to a once-thriving galactic network of starships space stations and planets left lifeless with redundant scars of the apocalypse. you will lead the way in rebuilding the network of space stations that once served the commerce and communication of the old empire--reuniting the surviving alien peoples under one banner. startopia gives you the opportunity to rebuild and successfully maintain a series of giant torus (donut) space stations scattered across the galaxy. they will provide a suitable home for the many alien races that inhabit space and perhaps turn a tidy profit for you in the process. of course there are plenty of other enterprising individuals out there with the same goals not to mention there are many hazards that exist in deep space. a number of different life forms and organizations are developing competing stations and it will only be a matter of time before you'll need to confront your opponents. will you use economic or military means to force out your opponents? you decide. startopia features nine primary character races each with a unique look and function. each inhabitant is an individual character with unique moods desires personal histories and humorous character animations. it's a fully functioning alien society with racial animosity and friendships crime and punishment leisure and entertainment and a functioning economy. the unique torus play area gives a viewpoint never before seen in a game. the bio-deck has an editable landscape and a manageable ecosystem allowing you complete control of terraforming. multiplayer support for up to three other stationmasters and simple and intuitive command of security forces can conflict with other players or defend your station against alien threats. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL eidos interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1622 COL r_rtable.description VAL enjoy countless hours of reading pleasure with this deluxe compilation of classic works from over 200 authors. features all the major classics of english literature including novels mysteries poetry sci-fi romance horror and more. annotate each ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 2 COL l_ltable.description VAL jumpstart kindergarten is designed to stimulate excite and inform children entering school for the first time. mr. hopsalot a cartoon bunny helps students ages 4 to 6 learn how to tell time identify upper- and lowercase letters sort objects understand prepositions and more. as with all jumpstart programs jumpstart kindergarten adapts content and presentation to a child's level of achievement and provides plenty of feedback and encouragement. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL knowledge adventure 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 82 COL r_rtable.description VAL players team up with frankie and the jumpstart pals as they get ready for the wackiest bumpiest twirliest car race. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 164 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2210 COL r_rtable.description VAL a pc magazine editorsæ choice award winner window washer® 6.0 improves pc performance in just minutes by cleaning out system clutter. additionally window washer protects your privacy by washing away online activities that are traced through your i COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 552 COL l_ltable.description VAL topics entertainment instant immersion japanese deluxe 2.0 from the publisher of the nations 1 selling instant immersion language line comes instant immersion japanese deluxe a comprehensive approach to language study focusing on listening reading and writing. emphasizing the euro method - the best process for learning to speak a foreign language quickly this 8 cd suite combines an immersion environment with brand-new curriculum that will quickly move you from a beginner to an advanced student. windows and xp pc only COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1174 COL r_rtable.description VAL is your message losing something in the translation? now you can communicate globally with instant immersion translator deluxe v2.0 the user-friendly suite of sophisticated language conversion tools custom-designed to meet all your translation ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 117 COL l_ltable.description VAL with instant immersion 33 languages brings you step-by-step instructions to turn you into a fluent speaker of nearly every major world language! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 310 COL r_rtable.description VAL topics entertainment instant immersion 33 languages with the step-by-step instruction in 33 native tongues making up instant immersion 33 languages your only dilemma is deciding which language you want to speak first! windows mac & xp pc COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 925 COL l_ltable.description VAL office onenote 2007 is a digital notebook that provides one place to gather notes and information powerful search capabilities to find what you're looking for quickly and easy-to-use shared notebooks to help manage information overload and work with others more effectively. as an integrated part of the 2007 microsoft office system onenote 2007 makes it easy to gather organize find and share your notes and information more efficiently and effectively. powerful search capabilities can help you locate information from text within pictures or from spoken words in audio and video recordings. and easy-to-use collaborative tools help teams work together with all of this information in shared notebooks whether online or offline. plus the familiar look and feel of the microsoft office system makes it easy to start using the program right away minimizing wasted time and training costs. gather all of your information in office onenote 2007. view larger. gather and organize everything in one place with so much information coming your way--and in so many different forms--you need one place to keep it all and a tool that's flexible enough to capture it. otherwise information that could have been used to help make better decisions or make you more efficient is lost or difficult to find. unlike paper-based systems word processing programs e-mail systems or other productivity programs onenote 2007 delivers the flexibility to gather and organize text pictures digital handwriting audio and video recordings and more--all in one digital notebook on your computer. this software can help you become more productive by keeping the information you need at your fingertips and reducing time spent searching for information across e-mail messages paper notebooks file folders and printouts. save time by consolidating information taking notes on paper and transcribing them later can be time-consuming and difficult and you run the risk of losing important pages. in addition it's difficult to share data kept in a conventional paper notebook and they're only good for capturing one kind of information: handwritten notes. when it's time to gather information from other sources and in different ways other difficulties can arise. for instance because most people don't have a way of digitally capturing unstructured information they often print out web research and store information in file folders or on desks which is difficult to find later and inaccessible when you're away. and sharing information with others can be challenging--even when using e-mail it can be hard to hard to figure out what the plan is without reading through long e-mail threads that may or may not contain the information you need. onenote 2007 however gives you a solution with a flexible software program that enables you to gather virtually any type of information in one place. with your information readily available you can be more prepared and informed. quickly find what you need with onenote 2007 finding information is easy and fast because it eliminates the guesswork of figuring out where you stored critical information. no more clicking through file folders and sorting through pages of paper notebooks to find the information you're looking for. powerful search features give you the ability to locate information quickly while allowing you to search across new types of content like text in scanned documents or images and spoken words in audio and video recordings. with easier access to the facts you and your teammates can make better decisions. with office onenote 2007 your team can work together more effectively. view larger. protect your intellectual property onenote 2007 helps you consolidate various types of information--including freeform notes images documents files from other microsoft office system programs and rich media--and organize it in the way that works best for you. and because it keeps everything in one place you don't have to worry about frequently saving or creating backups of your information--onenote 2007 does this for you. ideal for businesses if you're attending an important meeting and don't want to rely on your memory simply take meeting notes in onenote 2007 to create a living repository of group decisions and brainstorming sessions that adds continuity and context to subsequent meetings. you can also catch all the details of customer calls and meetings by synchronizing typed or handwritten notes with office onenote 2007 audio and video recordings. if you're working outside of the office gather information on your microsoft windows mobile powered devices (including notes audio recordings and pictures) and transfer it to onenote 2007. and when it's time to share data with your colleagues take advantage of onenote 2007's export application programming interface to easily transfer information gathered in onenote 2007 to your company's business systems and in so doing reduce errors and wasted time spent rekeying the same information in different systems. need to copy paste or print information from and into other 2007 microsoft office system programs? it's no problem with onenote; this software lets you access and exchange information in word excel outlook and powerpoint. you can even use onenote 2007's drawing tools and tables to annotate and easily organize and manage information. find what you're looking for quickly using office onenote 2007. view larger. search and link options onenote 2007 lets you search and find keywords quickly within text in images and in audio recordings made within the application. you can also view hyperlinked search results in a summary task pane; a single click takes you to relevant results. for added convenience view all open notebooks at once use drag-and-drop functionality to easily arrange and rearrange your notes and add hyperlinks to other pages in your notebook to quickly find relevant content. manage tasks easily with two-way synchronization between onenote 2007 and the 2003 and 2007 versions of outlook or link notes and other information to specific outlook 2007 or outlook 2003 contacts to help you better prepare for meetings and recall information easily. if you want to underscore a particularly important point date or other piece of information mark notes with note tags visually rich icons that make it easier to return to reminders to-dos and other action items. work together more effectively with team members working from different locations and on multiple projects communication coordination and information sharing can challenge group effectiveness and productivity. teams often rely on e-mail messages to share information causing confusion and bloated e-mail inboxes. tasks action items agendas and issues stored within static documents or document management systems are difficult to update track and access and they prevent multiple people from working with the same information at the same time. onenote 2007 helps people work together better by eliminating roadblocks that arise when information is isolated in paper notes or file folders or on one person's computer. groups can share information easily work more productively and keep track of projects issues and goals more effectively. individuals can work together from the same notebook--whether online or offline--using shared notebooks. onenote2007 manages changes made to the same notebook eliminating the need to track versions or upload changes. you can also create a team knowledge base so that everyone has access to the same information helping to get new team members up to speed quickly and minimizing duplicate efforts. share notes even with non-onenote 2007 users by sending your notes as html so that anyone with an e-mail client or web browser can view them and stay in control of your information by choosing which notebooks to share with your teammates and which to keep private and help ensure privacy with password protection. you can even use onenote 2007 as a shared digital whiteboard enabling virtual teams to work together in real time viewing and editing the same set of notes. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3133 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: manages time and info works with sharepoint enhanced search one-click functionality create internet calendars enhanced security ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1313 COL l_ltable.description VAL hop q*bert around the board while avoiding coily ugg wrongway slick and sam! look out for coily he'll chase q*bert all around the board. change the color of the cubes to complete each round. based on the 80's arcade phenomenon q*bert 2005 offers 50 different board shapes and level after level of hopping-mad fun! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 196 COL r_rtable.description VAL grass valley procoder 3 continues to provide high-speed high-quality video conversion between multiple formats incorporating the existing features and workflow options found in procoder 2.0 and adding several key new features including canopus hq ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1000 COL l_ltable.description VAL enemy tanks have broken the lines and captured a city of strategic importance. your mission as an anti-tank cannon commander is to repel the occupiers and reclaim the city! the freedom of the city and all of its inhabitants depends on you! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL casual arcade 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 383 COL r_rtable.description VAL startopia takes gamers to a once thriving galactic network of starships space stations and planets left lifeless with redundant scars of the apocalypse. as stationmaster your mission is to rebuild the abandoned space stations reunite the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 999 COL l_ltable.description VAL welcome to the funny farm!product information>moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertainingfarming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at thegeneral store. protect your sheep from wild wolves by keeping them COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL casual arcade 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1291 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1331 COL l_ltable.description VAL art text is an application to create high quality textual graphics headings logos icons web banners and buttons. the program implements the latest mac os x technologies which allow you to easily modify any texts and vector shapes into a fancy graphic. use the result with iwork microsoft office belight applications and other programs. create more compelling business presentations brochures flyers postcards business cards and web sites with the program. pre-designed styles shapes icon art images shading materials and other advanced visual effects make art text a powerful and intuitive program which is a great example of delivering mac os x technologies to everyone. not only professionals but anyone who wants to make his text work look attractive will find a use for the program. apply shadow and glow effects ability to combine text with background image bend text using 22 adjustable vector transformation shapes or bezier splines ability to export into a file or clipboard in tiff jpeg pdf png or other formats system requirements - mac os x 10.4 or later COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL belight software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3169 COL r_rtable.description VAL a horrific ritualistic murder has taken place in an upscale hotel. enter gus macpherson a former american private detective now hired by a mysterious and sensuous woman sophia blake to find out who murdered her beloved sister and brother-in-law ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1029 COL l_ltable.description VAL more brain games combines entertainment with mental stimulation for people of all ages who want to play brain challenging games. you'll never get tired of the challenge these games can offer -- and solving them can provide a sense of accomplishment and well-being. it's a great time for the casual gamer that's looking for both fun and intellectual benefits from gaming. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL csdc 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 382 COL r_rtable.description VAL you've watched the excitement of er now experience it firsthand! as the new er intern at chicago's county general hospital your career starts out easily enough as you treat a manageable number of patients sporting minor cuts and bruises. however ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1314 COL l_ltable.description VAL first person shooter offers fast paced 2d and 3d action as you kill terrorists bent on destruction / esrb m mature (blood violence) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 196 COL r_rtable.description VAL grass valley procoder 3 continues to provide high-speed high-quality video conversion between multiple formats incorporating the existing features and workflow options found in procoder 2.0 and adding several key new features including canopus hq ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1055 COL l_ltable.description VAL readiris pro 11 corporate edition makes it easy to scan paper documents at high speed and convert pdf and image files into fully indexed pdf files. the software was designed to scan and transform substantial volumes of paper and electronic documents with an unbeatable combination of speed and accuracy. it's the right tool for any corporate environment where good recognition at a high volume are crucial for information management. create documents that are optimized to your editing archiving and sharing needs. generate wysiwyg html docuemnts and edit them in frontpage golive dreamweaver and other tools color outputs - all colored texts backgrounds and graphics fully reproduced numerous scanners and digital cameras supported - including all twain compliant devices supports all tiff and jpeg formats generated by digital cameras easy handling for multi-page documents performing list recognition reproduces numbered and bulleted lists flowing text mode for easier editing - text naturally flows into columns while you're editing COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL iris inc. 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1765 COL r_rtable.description VAL readiris pro 11 corporate edition has all of the features and advanced functionality of readiris pro 11 as well as batch mode processing hot folder features bar code rading and indexing and multipage ocr capability. system req COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 717 COL l_ltable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! product information ares rising is a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. a branching storyline allows you to chart various courses to success and to replay the game in many different ways. you take responsibility for making alliances purchasing equipment and ultimately tipping the balance of power. ares rising brings together the best strategy combat resource allocation and story telling elements to enable a degree of player freedom rarely achieved. product features multiplayer action with head-to-head and team death match modes. persistent characters allow you to build power reputation and prestige through multiple game sessions. a combination of dog-fighting and strategic combat where proper consideration of advanced tactics and technologies count as much as hot dog piloting. choose from a wide range of devastating tactical weapons including cloaks auto-turrets beam weapons nuclear warheads sensor drones and ship decoys to name a few. all ai pilots work in wingmen groups. employing squadron tactics and complex maneuvers will give you a distinct advantage. system requirements windows 95 98 me only (not xp compatible) pentium 133mhz processor windows 95 with directx 5.0 (included) 16mb of ram 150mb hard drive space 2x cd-rom drive directx certified sound and video card microsoft or 100% compatible mouse recommended requirments pentium 200mhz or higher or k6 3d 32mb of ram 200mb hard drive space 12x cd-rom drive d3d supporting video card with graphics acceleration digital audio compatible sound card joystick please note: the product you are viewing is an older version that is currently in demand and a valuabl COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL interplay 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1556 COL r_rtable.description VAL nan COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 245 COL l_ltable.description VAL morty the notorious master of mischief is back in a wild and wacky arcade game that sharpens thinking and problem-solving skills that are fundamental to success in math science and everyday life. this time he and his metal minions have taken over the game factory and are challenging all super solvers' fans to a duel of wits! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL learning company 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3184 COL r_rtable.description VAL morty the notorious master of mischief is back in a wild and wacky arcade game that sharpens thinking and problem-solving skills that are fundamental to success in math science and everyday life. this time he and his metal minions have taken ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1331 COL l_ltable.description VAL art text is an application to create high quality textual graphics headings logos icons web banners and buttons. the program implements the latest mac os x technologies which allow you to easily modify any texts and vector shapes into a fancy graphic. use the result with iwork microsoft office belight applications and other programs. create more compelling business presentations brochures flyers postcards business cards and web sites with the program. pre-designed styles shapes icon art images shading materials and other advanced visual effects make art text a powerful and intuitive program which is a great example of delivering mac os x technologies to everyone. not only professionals but anyone who wants to make his text work look attractive will find a use for the program. apply shadow and glow effects ability to combine text with background image bend text using 22 adjustable vector transformation shapes or bezier splines ability to export into a file or clipboard in tiff jpeg pdf png or other formats system requirements - mac os x 10.4 or later COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL belight software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2324 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. because the iriscard pro is a twain scanner you can also digitize your 4x6 pictures much COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 884 COL l_ltable.description VAL the print shop deluxe 22 helps you create the perfect personalized project. with a wide array of high-quality projects you can get started right away -- or choose to start from scratch to make a design completely your own! it's the simple way to create gorgeous banners business cards mailing labels letterhead calendars newsletters cd/dvd labels postcards invitations even hand-crafted cards. photo-editing tools COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1026 COL r_rtable.description VAL photoshow deluxe makes it easy to turn ordinary photos into dynamic multimedia slide shows complete with captions embellishments and music. it lets you preserve and share the magic of family gatherings vacation adventures special celebrations ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 490 COL l_ltable.description VAL the power of fun; the power of imagination for kids!product informationthis collection all adds up to fun for kids with the engagingly interactivecd-roms.&nbsp; your name is flik and it's up to you to protect your insectcolony from the evil hopper and his COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1208 COL r_rtable.description VAL disney/pixar's a bug's life action game it's a swarm of furious fun based on the hit film disney/pixar's a bug's life. you'll enjoy hours of exciting gameplay as you assume the identity of our animated hero flik recruiting a brave bug band of ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 553 COL l_ltable.description VAL manufacturer warranty:andnbsp;andnbsp;90 days COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 379 COL r_rtable.description VAL topics entertainment instant immersion german deluxe 2.0 you set the pace for learning with this series of personalized beginner intermediate and advanced programs. with entertaining instruction on 20 key lessons including vocabulary grammar and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 429 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL imagination international corp 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 168 COL r_rtable.description VAL it's got flippers bumpers ramps and lightning fast balls - puts your reflexes to the test! features an ultra 3d environment and real-life physics that will test even the best pinball player! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1059 COL l_ltable.description VAL create the perfect pet for your sims to train play with and love throughout a lifetime. pick everything from their paws to their personality. choose from dozens of popular dog and cat breeds like schnauzer and siamese. or create a unique cat or dog by modifying their features and body type. your sims can teach their pets tricks take them for a romp in the park to meet other furry friends or buy them toys beds and much more. but pets have minds of their own-so expect the unexpected! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3224 COL r_rtable.description VAL final system requirements will be set approximately 4-6 weeks to a game?s ship date. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 314 COL l_ltable.description VAL cinematize 2 - miraizon COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL miraizon 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1207 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: a power macintosh g3 or later computer mac os x 10.2 or higher quicktime 6.0 or later approximately 2.5 mb of hard disk space (additional space is needed for extracted files) 128 mb or more of ram 256 mb or more of ram ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1294 COL l_ltable.description VAL math success deluxe 2008 offers a full set of educator-approved learning exercises that help children build their math skills. students at any learning level will benefit from these great learning tools and lessons. each essential math skill is introduced and fully covered then tested through interesting games that keep kids' attention and help them learn faster. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1020 COL r_rtable.description VAL overview phonics success deluxe 2006give the student in your life the chance to maximize reading skills with phonics success deluxe 2006. the self-paced instructional course is an award-winning educator-endorsed system that utilizes absorbing ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 123 COL l_ltable.description VAL cuteftp is an easy way to transfer files between your pc and remote computers. whether publishing a web page downloading the latest digital images music and software or transferring large files between your home and office cuteftp will get the job done. cuteftp's user-friendly interface conforms to microsoft windows xp and runs on microsoft's latest operating system. cuteftp streamlines your ftp transfers with faster startups quicker connections to ftp servers and improved site navigation logic. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL tri synergy 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 441 COL r_rtable.description VAL the big mix by allume systems for mac play it. mix it. rock it. unleash your talent. become the next superstar or the hottest dj. the big mix delivers the goods. this collection will let you rock the world or just listen to the music. so let the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1000 COL l_ltable.description VAL enemy tanks have broken the lines and captured a city of strategic importance. your mission as an anti-tank cannon commander is to repel the occupiers and reclaim the city! the freedom of the city and all of its inhabitants depends on you! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL casual arcade 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 239 COL r_rtable.description VAL enemy tanks have broken the lines and captured a city of strategic importance. your mission as an anti-tank cannon commander is to repel the occupiers and reclaim the city! the freedom of the city and all of its inhabitants depends on you! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 854 COL l_ltable.description VAL whether embarking on a serious building project or experimenting with home design ideas find everything needed in 3d home architect home designer version 8. convenient wizards and tutorials help create basic plans fast while unlimited customization guarantees a flawless finished project. easy-to-use tabbed interface makes it easier to get started access and use tools and easier than ever to design a dream home! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2494 COL r_rtable.description VAL 3d home architect home v.8by encore software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 25 COL l_ltable.description VAL startopia takes gamers to a once-thriving galactic network of starships space stations and planets left lifeless with redundant scars of the apocalypse. you will lead the way in rebuilding the network of space stations that once served the commerce and communication of the old empire--reuniting the surviving alien peoples under one banner. startopia gives you the opportunity to rebuild and successfully maintain a series of giant torus (donut) space stations scattered across the galaxy. they will provide a suitable home for the many alien races that inhabit space and perhaps turn a tidy profit for you in the process. of course there are plenty of other enterprising individuals out there with the same goals not to mention there are many hazards that exist in deep space. a number of different life forms and organizations are developing competing stations and it will only be a matter of time before you'll need to confront your opponents. will you use economic or military means to force out your opponents? you decide. startopia features nine primary character races each with a unique look and function. each inhabitant is an individual character with unique moods desires personal histories and humorous character animations. it's a fully functioning alien society with racial animosity and friendships crime and punishment leisure and entertainment and a functioning economy. the unique torus play area gives a viewpoint never before seen in a game. the bio-deck has an editable landscape and a manageable ecosystem allowing you complete control of terraforming. multiplayer support for up to three other stationmasters and simple and intuitive command of security forces can conflict with other players or defend your station against alien threats. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL eidos interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2499 COL r_rtable.description VAL all the important spelling skills your child needs taught in a fun style they'll love! / ages 5-9. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 527 COL l_ltable.description VAL readiris pro 11 is one of the most powerful and accurate ocr solutions designed for home and professional users. when you need to convert any paper pdf or image documents into digital files that you can edit share and save readiris pro 11 will do it all. it retypes scanned documents and image files and converts pdf files in editable text maintaining the original layout and offering an unprecedented speed and ocr accuracy. a powerful productivity booster for flatbed scanners all-in-one devices and digital cameras readiris pro can revolutionize the way you scan and convert documents. note: this product is for macs only. readiris pro 11 is also available for pcs. select your scanner define the scanner settings and enable the proper system options (page deskewing page analysis page orientation). readiris pro 11 does the rest. view larger. choose ms word as the output format click on recognize + save and within seconds your text is converted and exported in word ready to be edited. view larger. if you have a scanned image with tables readiris will converted in editable tables you can export in excel. view larger. readiris will let you convert hand printed capital text in digital text you can edit with your preferred software. view larger. document preparation in three easy steps turning hardcopy text images or pdfs into editable text is as easy as 1 2 3. first you scan your document with your flatbed scanner or open a pdf file or image document. (readiris pro 11 is compatible with the most commonly used images and pdf files.). once the file is opened in the software you click on recognize and save and within seconds your document is converted into and editable digital file. the final step is to export your document into you favorite application such as word excel acrobat (pdf) internet explorer (html) and more. readiris pro will save you incredible amounts of retyping time. the new ocr engine of readiris pro 11 is optimized for speed and accuracy and features over 70 new major improvements from previous versions. not only will readiris pro 11 give you 30 percent greater text accuracy the program's advanced autoformat technology also perfectly retains the layout of the original document in the output. and most amazingly it can perform these tasks with 126 languages. (the software's user interface is localized in 21 languages; see system requirements for a list of the supported interface languages.) the ideal pdf solution readiris pro can open your pdf file (even read-only pdfs) and generate four different types of pdf files: fully searchable image over text text over image text only and image only. you can also edit your pdf into several of the supported output formats such as word and excel. and when you need to scan text into a pdf file readiris pro can do that as well. you can convert your incoming faxes letters or any paper documents into fully searchable pdf files quickly and accurately. it couldn't be any quicker or easier. multi-page scanning ability and more readiris pro features a convenient interval scanning mode that allows you to manually set the time interval between scans to greatly simplify the scanning process for multi-page documents on a flatbed scanner. this multi-page mode applies to both hard-copy as well as digital documents such as such as tiff or pdf files. with support for the new microsoft formats wordml and spreadsheet ml readiris lets you accurately reproduce any kind of table in your office documents. based on xml the new formats generate richer editing and formatting of files that are optimized for windows office 2003. your tables can be perfectly reproduced in excel 2003 retaining the text and even the colored background. readiris pro even lets you digitize hand-printed notes and 23 types of barcodes including 2-d barcodes. the information contained in your barcode is automatically retyped into your application. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL i.r.i.s. 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2509 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements os: g3 processor. mac os x 10.3 or higher scanner compatibility: all twain compatible scanners hd space : 110 mb free ram: 32 mb free COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 34 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL school zone 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1022 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 717 COL l_ltable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! product information ares rising is a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. a branching storyline allows you to chart various courses to success and to replay the game in many different ways. you take responsibility for making alliances purchasing equipment and ultimately tipping the balance of power. ares rising brings together the best strategy combat resource allocation and story telling elements to enable a degree of player freedom rarely achieved. product features multiplayer action with head-to-head and team death match modes. persistent characters allow you to build power reputation and prestige through multiple game sessions. a combination of dog-fighting and strategic combat where proper consideration of advanced tactics and technologies count as much as hot dog piloting. choose from a wide range of devastating tactical weapons including cloaks auto-turrets beam weapons nuclear warheads sensor drones and ship decoys to name a few. all ai pilots work in wingmen groups. employing squadron tactics and complex maneuvers will give you a distinct advantage. system requirements windows 95 98 me only (not xp compatible) pentium 133mhz processor windows 95 with directx 5.0 (included) 16mb of ram 150mb hard drive space 2x cd-rom drive directx certified sound and video card microsoft or 100% compatible mouse recommended requirments pentium 200mhz or higher or k6 3d 32mb of ram 200mb hard drive space 12x cd-rom drive d3d supporting video card with graphics acceleration digital audio compatible sound card joystick please note: the product you are viewing is an older version that is currently in demand and a valuabl COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL interplay 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1243 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1119 COL l_ltable.description VAL prey is a groundbreaking first-person shooter that turns the genre upside-down with new gameplay features and next generation graphics. breaking the traditional first-person shooter format prey introduces innovative gameplay elements including wall-walking portals spirit-walking and gravity flipping which allows for insane eight player deathmatches. prey tells the story of tommy a cherokee garage mechanic stuck on a reservation and going nowhere. his life changes when an otherworldly crisis forces him to awaken spiritual powers from his long-forgotten birthright. abducted along with his people to a menacing mothership orbiting earth he sets out to save himself and his girlfriend and ultimately his planet. multiplayer ­ multiplayer games take complete advantage of the unique gameplay styles of prey as players walk on the ceilings and walls while the map¹s gravity flips from side to side note - may require advanced video processing capabilities on your mac computer COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 57 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. providing a seamless realtime workflow supporting all video acquisition ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 168 COL l_ltable.description VAL this is the eagerly anticipated universal binary version of techtool pro that will run on both intel and powerpc-based macs. it fully supports the hardware changes introduced to the macintosh platform with the introduction of the new macintel chipsets. all of the features of the program that were previously available for powerpc based macs are available for intel-based macs as well. this includes the innovative edrive (emergency startup partition) feature of the program found nowhere else. in addition to universal binary support the new release will also include some significant program enhancements including improved disk controller test routines. unlike most application software more than a simple re-compile of the program was required to support the new intel-based macs. because techtool pro works with the computer hardware at the lowest levels it was necessary for micromat to completely re-engineer the software from the ground up. in order to support the new models mac os x 10.4 (tiger) is required to run the program. techtool pro ships on dvd for both powerpc and intel-based macs. the dvd will automatically boot the correct system version. no product comes close to techtool pro for ensuring that all of your hardware and software is operating at peak performance. no other software gives you the peace of mind that comes from knowing that your valuable data is protected by the latest technology. with a single mouse click techtool pro can automatically run a series of sophisticated tests that will troubleshoot almost any problem you are having with your macintosh. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL micromat 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2818 COL r_rtable.description VAL macintosh capable of running mac os x 10.4 or above mac os x 10.4 or greater. dvd-rom drive. 512 mb ram or greater. 2 gb or larger target device like an older ipod or other external media device. * features denoted with * are only available on os 9 ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 608 COL l_ltable.description VAL sharks terrors of the deep demonstrates the latest look and capabilities of this hot screensaver. dynamic backgrounds realistic movement and amazing animation are the latest enhancements brings the aquatic world to life. you'll swear you feel those massive tails brush you as they cruise by! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 383 COL r_rtable.description VAL startopia takes gamers to a once thriving galactic network of starships space stations and planets left lifeless with redundant scars of the apocalypse. as stationmaster your mission is to rebuild the abandoned space stations reunite the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 940 COL l_ltable.description VAL monopoly 3 brings the best-selling board game to the pc with fresh new features and gameplay that has captivated generations. featuring cleverly animated tokens bright 3d graphics and the choice of 10 different major city gameboards plus the classic gameboard. compete with up to six players or wheel and deal over the internet. (internet play requires optional fee.) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 383 COL r_rtable.description VAL startopia takes gamers to a once thriving galactic network of starships space stations and planets left lifeless with redundant scars of the apocalypse. as stationmaster your mission is to rebuild the abandoned space stations reunite the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 8 COL l_ltable.description VAL webexpress (win 95 98) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL ingram micro 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1613 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: mac os x v10.3.9 or later 1ghz g4/g4/intel mac 256 mb ram 1 gb hd space 32 mb vram internet connection (for net play) COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 35 COL l_ltable.description VAL based on the school zone workbook series this program teaches critical math skills with interactive activities and fun games. proven curriculum audio guidance and clear examples help your child master addition subtraction multiplication place values and other skills. the program randomizes problems with each use providing endless activities. the engaging games provide a helpful break. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL school zone 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1104 COL r_rtable.description VAL macbackup makes computer backup quick and easy! backup wizards are categorized to instantly backup everything on your computer or only your photos music and movies. easily store backups to virtually any kind of media: cd dvd zip disks network ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1113 COL l_ltable.description VAL apple designed the ipod experience in a ?walled garden' format funneling users to their itunes store to buy their music and make it difficult to buy music elsewhere. podmaxx ?07 offers a real solution to this problem enabling ipod owners to buy music anywhere they like for the best price no matter how eclectic their taste. not only can podmaxx ?07 let ipod owners buy ipod music anywhere you can also copy music and playlists from any ipod to their pc create free ringtones from any music fil collection transfer any dvd to their ipod burn music to cd directly from any ipod turn an ipod into a portable hard drive to backup valuable data sync email and contacts (including outlook) view the latest news weather movie start times and their locations ? all with one application. podmaxx ?07 is the perfect digital music companion for itunes and your ipod. podmaxx ?07 organizes your music videos and photos and fixes mislabeled songs. rip and watch your dvd movies anywhere. read your email on your morning commute. burn cds right off any ipod connected to your pc. use your ipod as portable storage device and backup your pc. burn audio cds straight from any ipod - not only can you copy everything off your ipod back to your pc but you can also burn any music files from your ipod striaght to cd. podmaxx automatically formats the files for burning to the cd format that plays in any cd player carry hours of dvd movies in your pocket burn files to cd straight off their ipod protect music collections from loss with full pc backup carry news weather movie info backup an entire pc system requirements - windows 2000 or xp; itunes 4.7 or later installed; microsoft. net framework 1.1 installed supports apple ipod - mini (4 & 6 gb) as well as all 10 20 & 60 gb ipods and nano COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL bling 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1027 COL r_rtable.description VAL act! 2007 is a contact and customer manager that helps you make contact build relationships and get results. act! enables you to instantly access key contact and customer information manage and prioritize activities and track all contact-related ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 65 COL l_ltable.description VAL halo takes you deep into the far future with the fate of humanity hanging on your shooting skills! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL macsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 89 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: publish podcasts share photos ad-free e-mail personal online storage organize activities learn about your mac ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1307 COL l_ltable.description VAL if you enjoy 'sudoku' then you will go crazy for 'buku kakuro'! generate millions of logic games with the click of your mouse and decipher puzzles that vary in size and complexity. use the 'hint' function to display possible moves 'undo' to backtrack as needed and 'solve' to display answers one by one until the game is complete. a 'pen & pencil' option even lets you distinguish unsure versus certain moves! themes include tastes of the orient exotic shores and serene vista. create and solve any kakuro puzzle -- even those found online and in newspapers! you can even save and print any kakuro. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topware interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 655 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. edius pro software can be upgraded to edius broadcast at any time. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL canopus/grass valley 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 182 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1622 COL r_rtable.description VAL enjoy countless hours of reading pleasure with this deluxe compilation of classic works from over 200 authors. features all the major classics of english literature including novels mysteries poetry sci-fi romance horror and more. annotate each ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 626 COL l_ltable.description VAL mfr: iris inc. computers & accessories iris inc.> COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL iris 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 349 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: ocr software automated processing pdf support many output formats barcode recognition business card recognition... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 971 COL l_ltable.description VAL designcad v17 2d computer aided design COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL imsi 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2282 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. release date: 04/01/2006 COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL navarre distribution services 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 393 COL l_ltable.description VAL obscure takes the survival-horror gaming you love and sets it in a teenage horror film. tortured screams echo through leafmore high's deserted corridors. faceless creatures lurk in the shadows. five teenagers set out to bring light into the darkness - and experience a night that will scar their souls forever. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL dreamcatcher interactive 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1613 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements: mac os x v10.3.9 or later 1ghz g4/g4/intel mac 256 mb ram 1 gb hd space 32 mb vram internet connection (for net play) COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 13 COL l_ltable.description VAL - marketing information: make your project information work for you! the who what and when of your projects are too important to leave to chance. with details your project information is centralized organized and always up-to-date. in an instant you can communicate project statuses with colleagues and clients with presentation-quality reports and customized forms. product information - software sub type: project management/version control - software name: details v.3.0 - complete product - features and benefits: - easy setup - quickstart templates - accurate reporting - custom forms - the report generator - timeline graphs - submittal logs - project logs - contact fields - hyperlinks - web graphics - calculation fields - work calendar - this pop-up console enables you to oversee and manage the import process when importing data from other applications and files - choice lists - column summaries - language support: english - platform support: pc license information - license type: complete product - license pricing: standard - license quantity: 1 user COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aec software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2033 COL r_rtable.description VAL mediapilot effortlessly migrates the audio and video files from your ipod to pc records unlimited music from your audio player and clips your music to upload to your phone as ringtones or music player. kit includes software bluetooth adapter mul COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 13 COL l_ltable.description VAL - marketing information: make your project information work for you! the who what and when of your projects are too important to leave to chance. with details your project information is centralized organized and always up-to-date. in an instant you can communicate project statuses with colleagues and clients with presentation-quality reports and customized forms. product information - software sub type: project management/version control - software name: details v.3.0 - complete product - features and benefits: - easy setup - quickstart templates - accurate reporting - custom forms - the report generator - timeline graphs - submittal logs - project logs - contact fields - hyperlinks - web graphics - calculation fields - work calendar - this pop-up console enables you to oversee and manage the import process when importing data from other applications and files - choice lists - column summaries - language support: english - platform support: pc license information - license type: complete product - license pricing: standard - license quantity: 1 user COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aec software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 332 COL r_rtable.description VAL choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 925 COL l_ltable.description VAL office onenote 2007 is a digital notebook that provides one place to gather notes and information powerful search capabilities to find what you're looking for quickly and easy-to-use shared notebooks to help manage information overload and work with others more effectively. as an integrated part of the 2007 microsoft office system onenote 2007 makes it easy to gather organize find and share your notes and information more efficiently and effectively. powerful search capabilities can help you locate information from text within pictures or from spoken words in audio and video recordings. and easy-to-use collaborative tools help teams work together with all of this information in shared notebooks whether online or offline. plus the familiar look and feel of the microsoft office system makes it easy to start using the program right away minimizing wasted time and training costs. gather all of your information in office onenote 2007. view larger. gather and organize everything in one place with so much information coming your way--and in so many different forms--you need one place to keep it all and a tool that's flexible enough to capture it. otherwise information that could have been used to help make better decisions or make you more efficient is lost or difficult to find. unlike paper-based systems word processing programs e-mail systems or other productivity programs onenote 2007 delivers the flexibility to gather and organize text pictures digital handwriting audio and video recordings and more--all in one digital notebook on your computer. this software can help you become more productive by keeping the information you need at your fingertips and reducing time spent searching for information across e-mail messages paper notebooks file folders and printouts. save time by consolidating information taking notes on paper and transcribing them later can be time-consuming and difficult and you run the risk of losing important pages. in addition it's difficult to share data kept in a conventional paper notebook and they're only good for capturing one kind of information: handwritten notes. when it's time to gather information from other sources and in different ways other difficulties can arise. for instance because most people don't have a way of digitally capturing unstructured information they often print out web research and store information in file folders or on desks which is difficult to find later and inaccessible when you're away. and sharing information with others can be challenging--even when using e-mail it can be hard to hard to figure out what the plan is without reading through long e-mail threads that may or may not contain the information you need. onenote 2007 however gives you a solution with a flexible software program that enables you to gather virtually any type of information in one place. with your information readily available you can be more prepared and informed. quickly find what you need with onenote 2007 finding information is easy and fast because it eliminates the guesswork of figuring out where you stored critical information. no more clicking through file folders and sorting through pages of paper notebooks to find the information you're looking for. powerful search features give you the ability to locate information quickly while allowing you to search across new types of content like text in scanned documents or images and spoken words in audio and video recordings. with easier access to the facts you and your teammates can make better decisions. with office onenote 2007 your team can work together more effectively. view larger. protect your intellectual property onenote 2007 helps you consolidate various types of information--including freeform notes images documents files from other microsoft office system programs and rich media--and organize it in the way that works best for you. and because it keeps everything in one place you don't have to worry about frequently saving or creating backups of your information--onenote 2007 does this for you. ideal for businesses if you're attending an important meeting and don't want to rely on your memory simply take meeting notes in onenote 2007 to create a living repository of group decisions and brainstorming sessions that adds continuity and context to subsequent meetings. you can also catch all the details of customer calls and meetings by synchronizing typed or handwritten notes with office onenote 2007 audio and video recordings. if you're working outside of the office gather information on your microsoft windows mobile powered devices (including notes audio recordings and pictures) and transfer it to onenote 2007. and when it's time to share data with your colleagues take advantage of onenote 2007's export application programming interface to easily transfer information gathered in onenote 2007 to your company's business systems and in so doing reduce errors and wasted time spent rekeying the same information in different systems. need to copy paste or print information from and into other 2007 microsoft office system programs? it's no problem with onenote; this software lets you access and exchange information in word excel outlook and powerpoint. you can even use onenote 2007's drawing tools and tables to annotate and easily organize and manage information. find what you're looking for quickly using office onenote 2007. view larger. search and link options onenote 2007 lets you search and find keywords quickly within text in images and in audio recordings made within the application. you can also view hyperlinked search results in a summary task pane; a single click takes you to relevant results. for added convenience view all open notebooks at once use drag-and-drop functionality to easily arrange and rearrange your notes and add hyperlinks to other pages in your notebook to quickly find relevant content. manage tasks easily with two-way synchronization between onenote 2007 and the 2003 and 2007 versions of outlook or link notes and other information to specific outlook 2007 or outlook 2003 contacts to help you better prepare for meetings and recall information easily. if you want to underscore a particularly important point date or other piece of information mark notes with note tags visually rich icons that make it easier to return to reminders to-dos and other action items. work together more effectively with team members working from different locations and on multiple projects communication coordination and information sharing can challenge group effectiveness and productivity. teams often rely on e-mail messages to share information causing confusion and bloated e-mail inboxes. tasks action items agendas and issues stored within static documents or document management systems are difficult to update track and access and they prevent multiple people from working with the same information at the same time. onenote 2007 helps people work together better by eliminating roadblocks that arise when information is isolated in paper notes or file folders or on one person's computer. groups can share information easily work more productively and keep track of projects issues and goals more effectively. individuals can work together from the same notebook--whether online or offline--using shared notebooks. onenote2007 manages changes made to the same notebook eliminating the need to track versions or upload changes. you can also create a team knowledge base so that everyone has access to the same information helping to get new team members up to speed quickly and minimizing duplicate efforts. share notes even with non-onenote 2007 users by sending your notes as html so that anyone with an e-mail client or web browser can view them and stay in control of your information by choosing which notebooks to share with your teammates and which to keep private and help ensure privacy with password protection. you can even use onenote 2007 as a shared digital whiteboard enabling virtual teams to work together in real time viewing and editing the same set of notes. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1401 COL r_rtable.description VAL easy to learn and use for a personal web page or a corporate site. tour new features with complete animation and illustrations. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1113 COL l_ltable.description VAL apple designed the ipod experience in a ?walled garden' format funneling users to their itunes store to buy their music and make it difficult to buy music elsewhere. podmaxx ?07 offers a real solution to this problem enabling ipod owners to buy music anywhere they like for the best price no matter how eclectic their taste. not only can podmaxx ?07 let ipod owners buy ipod music anywhere you can also copy music and playlists from any ipod to their pc create free ringtones from any music fil collection transfer any dvd to their ipod burn music to cd directly from any ipod turn an ipod into a portable hard drive to backup valuable data sync email and contacts (including outlook) view the latest news weather movie start times and their locations ? all with one application. podmaxx ?07 is the perfect digital music companion for itunes and your ipod. podmaxx ?07 organizes your music videos and photos and fixes mislabeled songs. rip and watch your dvd movies anywhere. read your email on your morning commute. burn cds right off any ipod connected to your pc. use your ipod as portable storage device and backup your pc. burn audio cds straight from any ipod - not only can you copy everything off your ipod back to your pc but you can also burn any music files from your ipod striaght to cd. podmaxx automatically formats the files for burning to the cd format that plays in any cd player carry hours of dvd movies in your pocket burn files to cd straight off their ipod protect music collections from loss with full pc backup carry news weather movie info backup an entire pc system requirements - windows 2000 or xp; itunes 4.7 or later installed; microsoft. net framework 1.1 installed supports apple ipod - mini (4 & 6 gb) as well as all 10 20 & 60 gb ipods and nano COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL bling 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 196 COL r_rtable.description VAL grass valley procoder 3 continues to provide high-speed high-quality video conversion between multiple formats incorporating the existing features and workflow options found in procoder 2.0 and adding several key new features including canopus hq ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 882 COL l_ltable.description VAL hoyle® casino the best-selling casino game of all time offers excitement and challenge with over 500 variations of 16 of the most popular casino games.play your favorite casino games including: online texas hold 'em baccarat blackjack caribbean stud® poker craps fortune pai-gow poker® four card poker® horse racing keno let it ride® pai gow poker roulette royal match 21&trade; slots video poker three card poker® video blackjack solitaire spades set in a realistic vegas environment hoyle® casino combines nonstop entertainment endless replayability attention to rules and a simple interface making it a sure winner with novice and expert computer users alike. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 46 COL r_rtable.description VAL turn a deck of cards into 18 games of hours of fun! enjoy the classic card games from bridge canasta euchre and solitaire to spades gin rummy go fish and so many more! included free is a friday night poker cd with 13 additional games and two ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 609 COL l_ltable.description VAL macbackup protects your computer from disaster. the software quickly restores your computer to its original backed up state. a step-by-step wizard makes backup simple for savinf priceless digital photos music investment and any other personal information. macbackup allows you to easily backup to any recordable cd/dvd local or alternative hard drive network location or ftp site using compression methods to maximize your storage space. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL macware 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2536 COL r_rtable.description VAL professional and impressive!imprinted with your business name and address!guaranteed compatible with your quickbooks(r) and quickbooks for windows(r) software.neat and clean. no carbon to touch. runs easily and smoothly through your printer without ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 652 COL l_ltable.description VAL vegas 6 combines real-time sd dv and hdv video editing with powerful audio tools for producing the high-quality results a professional would expect. this all-in-one environment mixes high-definition and high-fidelity for creative thinkers and editing professionals. the software delivers tremendous power incredible speed and maximum productivity in an uncomplicated efficient platform. over 30 customizable real-time audio effects including eq reverb delay and more new vst plug-in effects support -- expand your audio processing and mixing options new project nesting adds a vegas project to the timeline -- edit and apply effects COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony pictures digital entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2075 COL r_rtable.description VAL featuring ez play today notation. turbo music (software). general midi software. book & disk package. 9x12 inches. 48 pages. published by turbo music. you're the star! packs include fully-orchestrated accompaniments on disk for each song in the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 717 COL l_ltable.description VAL decide the fate of the galaxy! product information ares rising is a space combat simulation game which combines the action of space combat with strategic planning and a gripping plot. a branching storyline allows you to chart various courses to success and to replay the game in many different ways. you take responsibility for making alliances purchasing equipment and ultimately tipping the balance of power. ares rising brings together the best strategy combat resource allocation and story telling elements to enable a degree of player freedom rarely achieved. product features multiplayer action with head-to-head and team death match modes. persistent characters allow you to build power reputation and prestige through multiple game sessions. a combination of dog-fighting and strategic combat where proper consideration of advanced tactics and technologies count as much as hot dog piloting. choose from a wide range of devastating tactical weapons including cloaks auto-turrets beam weapons nuclear warheads sensor drones and ship decoys to name a few. all ai pilots work in wingmen groups. employing squadron tactics and complex maneuvers will give you a distinct advantage. system requirements windows 95 98 me only (not xp compatible) pentium 133mhz processor windows 95 with directx 5.0 (included) 16mb of ram 150mb hard drive space 2x cd-rom drive directx certified sound and video card microsoft or 100% compatible mouse recommended requirments pentium 200mhz or higher or k6 3d 32mb of ram 200mb hard drive space 12x cd-rom drive d3d supporting video card with graphics acceleration digital audio compatible sound card joystick please note: the product you are viewing is an older version that is currently in demand and a valuabl COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL interplay 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 3167 COL r_rtable.description VAL from chaos comes order. private prisons have become the new growth industry. you will construct and run an efficient rehabilitation facility with nothing but money on your mind. there's no escaping under your watchful eye as you oversee every detail ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1304 COL l_ltable.description VAL flyboys squadron is authentic world war i fighter place action! follow a small group of daring young men became history's first fighter pilots. all the thrills of danger of wwi-era flight and combat come to life in these cinematic missions. free voip servers; one full month of free mmo play COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL ientertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2097 COL r_rtable.description VAL nan COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 870 COL l_ltable.description VAL quicken 2007 lets you track all your financial information and make the right spending decisions. you'll have all you need to know about your financial status right at your fingertips and make informed choices in minutes. quicken basic works just like your checkbook so it's easy to get started. you'll be able to see your complete financial picture in minutes! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL intuit 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1515 COL r_rtable.description VAL quicken for mac 2007 has been designed for and by mac users and offers special mac exclusives. use it to control your spending and save money. pay bills balance your accounts and reconcile bank statements. get immediate access to all of your ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 414 COL l_ltable.description VAL acid pro 5 puts total composition and editing power in the hands of the producer. it's the first loop-based music creation application for almost any level of musical expertise. it's got all the features you need to produce truly professional results. includes more than 1 000 loops from the sony sound series - loops & samples collection plus the native instrument xpress keyboards vsti soft synth bundle COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sony 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2282 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. release date: 04/01/2006 COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL navarre distribution services 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 8 COL l_ltable.description VAL webexpress (win 95 98) COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL ingram micro 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1022 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 845 COL l_ltable.description VAL carrara 5 pro enables artists to build a complete animated project from start to finish -- all with a single piece of software. it multitude of features give you a robust suite of modeling animation and rendering tools. from the multiple modelers to the preset textures and shaders to the ultra-fast and realistic rendering carrara 5 gives you all you need -- wrapped in an intuitive user interface that experienced 3d artists and novices alike will embrace. the software supports both macintosh and windows platforms takes advantage of opengl acceleration and network rendering and provides superior interchange with industry-leading design applications web tools and video editing and effects software. volumetric clouds realistically scatter the light of the atmosphere 3d manipulators and edge-tools advanced surface tools and soft selection object replicator tool all-new particle system animation graph editor COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL eovia 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1583 COL r_rtable.description VAL carrara 5 pro enables artists to build a complete animated project from start to finish -- all with a single piece of software. it multitude of features give you a robust suite of modeling animation and rendering tools. from the multiple modelers ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 467 COL l_ltable.description VAL with something for everyone in your home microsoft works suite 2006 is the ideal combination of six great software titles in one affordable package. microsoft works suite 2006 includes a full version of microsoft word 2002 along with easy-to-use tools for getting organized tracking personal finances planning trips editing and sharing digital photos and interactive learning. in addition to word works suite 2006 includes works 8 money 2006 digital image 2006 encarta encyclopedia 2006 and streets and trips essentials 2006. get everything you need to get things done using your home pc in one package with works suite 2006. whether you're paying bills online or fixing the red-eye in your vacation pictures you can easily find what you need to complete the task. manage your photos plan a trip or make cards. there's something for everyone. getting things done get everything you need to get things done using your home pc in one package with works suite 2006. keep track of budgets research school reports and write them up with automatic spelling and grammar checking. it's a snap to keep everyone in the family in step and informed of the others' activities with powerful organization tools. with works suite 2006 you can create professional-looking letters resumes and school assignments with microsoft word the world's best-selling word-processing software. a versatile calendar and address book helps you manage your household schedule and contacts. with a works spreadsheet you can make calculations create lists and manage inventories. to help you stay on top of day-to-day finances money 2006 can consolidate all your personal account information in one place and even help you to pay bills online and update account balances. when you're ready to hit the road for a family vacation streets and trips 2006 will give you all the tools you need to customize road trips cross-town or cross-country. digital image standard 2006 provides your family with the easy-to-use tools you need to organize enhance and share your digital photos. and with the best-selling multimedia encyclopedia encarta you will always have accurate relevant and age-appropriate information at your fingertips. easy to use microsoft knows that you have better things to do with your time than to learn how to use complicated and time-consuming applications. that's why the applications that are included with works suite 2006 have been designed to make your tasks not only easy to accomplish but enjoyable as well. so whether you're paying bills online or fixing the red-eye in your vacation pictures you can easily find what you need to complete the task. everything you need is located in one place; even complex projects like organizing family get-togethers become fun to do and easily manageable. quickly find and launch programs and projects in one place with the works task launcher and get up and running quickly with the works quick tour. easy-to-use works templates and projects help to take the stress out of managing anything from a weekend getaway to home improvements while organizing and finding photos is quicker and easier with improved file management and viewing functionality. you and your family will discover endless uses in the six great titles included in microsoft works suite 2006. if you are planning a long road trip exploring the possibilities of digital photography or keeping track of your cd collection you'll find something to make the project trouble-free. everyone in the family will find something to love in works suite 2006. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL microsoft 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1798 COL r_rtable.description VAL microsoft works suite 2005 includes six popular microsoft home products in one easy-to-use package. it includes works word 2002 and the latest versions of money standard encarta standard streets & trips and picture it! photo premium. create and ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1292 COL l_ltable.description VAL middle school success deluxe 2008 is leading-edge learning software that ensures better academic achievement. you'll give your child the lessons and exercises they need for higher grades and test scores. it's endorsed by education experts and covers the full breadth and scope of almost any middle school curriculum. middle school success deluxe guarantees educational achievement for middle school students. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL topics entertainment 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 385 COL r_rtable.description VAL addressing dozens of school fundamentals from spelling and subtraction to the solar system and beyond the elementary school success deluxe software suite is the youngster-friendly touchstone of learning. a wealth of knowledge provided on 13 ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1087 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL broderbund 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2449 COL r_rtable.description VAL massive collection of images & fonts for all your design needs ondvd-rom!product informationinspire your creativity and perfect any creative project with thousands ofworld-class images in virtually every style. plus clickart 950000 makes iteasy for ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1331 COL l_ltable.description VAL art text is an application to create high quality textual graphics headings logos icons web banners and buttons. the program implements the latest mac os x technologies which allow you to easily modify any texts and vector shapes into a fancy graphic. use the result with iwork microsoft office belight applications and other programs. create more compelling business presentations brochures flyers postcards business cards and web sites with the program. pre-designed styles shapes icon art images shading materials and other advanced visual effects make art text a powerful and intuitive program which is a great example of delivering mac os x technologies to everyone. not only professionals but anyone who wants to make his text work look attractive will find a use for the program. apply shadow and glow effects ability to combine text with background image bend text using 22 adjustable vector transformation shapes or bezier splines ability to export into a file or clipboard in tiff jpeg pdf png or other formats system requirements - mac os x 10.4 or later COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL belight software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1022 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 182 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL apple 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1126 COL r_rtable.description VAL keep your pc safe! zonealarm pro incorporates award-winning firewall technology with privacy features to help keep you and your computer safe. zonealarm pro blocks hackers data thieves worms and over 47 types of malicious e-mail attachments. it ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 674 COL l_ltable.description VAL master server-upg COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL novastor corporation 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2454 COL r_rtable.description VAL nan COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1313 COL l_ltable.description VAL hop q*bert around the board while avoiding coily ugg wrongway slick and sam! look out for coily he'll chase q*bert all around the board. change the color of the cubes to complete each round. based on the 80's arcade phenomenon q*bert 2005 offers 50 different board shapes and level after level of hopping-mad fun! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL encore 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2728 COL r_rtable.description VAL professional and impressive!imprinted with your business name and address!guaranteed compatible with your quickbooks(r) and quickbooks for windows(r) software.neat and clean. no carbon to touch. runs easily and smoothly through your printer without ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 815 COL l_ltable.description VAL pitstop pro 7.0 COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL enfocus software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2562 COL r_rtable.description VAL system requirements macintosh macintosh computer with a powerpc g3 g4 g5 processor or intel processor 256mb of ram cd or dvd drive and hard disk drive mac os x 10.3.9 for powerpc-based macs or mac os x 10.4.5 for intel-based macs windows pentium ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 609 COL l_ltable.description VAL macbackup protects your computer from disaster. the software quickly restores your computer to its original backed up state. a step-by-step wizard makes backup simple for savinf priceless digital photos music investment and any other personal information. macbackup allows you to easily backup to any recordable cd/dvd local or alternative hard drive network location or ftp site using compression methods to maximize your storage space. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL macware 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1104 COL r_rtable.description VAL macbackup makes computer backup quick and easy! backup wizards are categorized to instantly backup everything on your computer or only your photos music and movies. easily store backups to virtually any kind of media: cd dvd zip disks network ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 486 COL l_ltable.description VAL evergirl is an action adventure title for young ladies who are out to find themselves. they'll take charge of four teenagers as they try to find their place in the world based on their personalities. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL thq 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2324 COL r_rtable.description VAL with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. because the iriscard pro is a twain scanner you can also digitize your 4x6 pictures much COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1119 COL l_ltable.description VAL prey is a groundbreaking first-person shooter that turns the genre upside-down with new gameplay features and next generation graphics. breaking the traditional first-person shooter format prey introduces innovative gameplay elements including wall-walking portals spirit-walking and gravity flipping which allows for insane eight player deathmatches. prey tells the story of tommy a cherokee garage mechanic stuck on a reservation and going nowhere. his life changes when an otherworldly crisis forces him to awaken spiritual powers from his long-forgotten birthright. abducted along with his people to a menacing mothership orbiting earth he sets out to save himself and his girlfriend and ultimately his planet. multiplayer ­ multiplayer games take complete advantage of the unique gameplay styles of prey as players walk on the ceilings and walls while the map¹s gravity flips from side to side note - may require advanced video processing capabilities on your mac computer COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1022 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 646 COL l_ltable.description VAL quake 4 takes you back to the front as you fight against an unrelenting alien enemy. armed with advanced weaponry and vehicles and aided by an elite squad of marines you take the battle to the heart of the strogg home planet and become earth's only hope for victory. they're regrouping but with their planetary defenses ruined you have a chance to deliver a full and final assault. you are matthew kane an elite member of rhino squad and part of earth's next invasion wave. with the makron assumed dead your squad is taking part in an operation to take advantage of the disarray and mop up the rest of the enemy forces on the strogg planet. but your drop ship gets hit and comes down hard killing a large chunk of your squadmates at the opening of the game. from there you'll pull yourself up out of the muck and get down to business. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aspyr media 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 169 COL r_rtable.description VAL moo-ve over macdonald - wacky farm is here! in this entertaining farming sim your must make enough money to buy useful items and upgrades at the general store. every decision you make could determine whether you bring home the bacon or get put out ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 13 COL l_ltable.description VAL - marketing information: make your project information work for you! the who what and when of your projects are too important to leave to chance. with details your project information is centralized organized and always up-to-date. in an instant you can communicate project statuses with colleagues and clients with presentation-quality reports and customized forms. product information - software sub type: project management/version control - software name: details v.3.0 - complete product - features and benefits: - easy setup - quickstart templates - accurate reporting - custom forms - the report generator - timeline graphs - submittal logs - project logs - contact fields - hyperlinks - web graphics - calculation fields - work calendar - this pop-up console enables you to oversee and manage the import process when importing data from other applications and files - choice lists - column summaries - language support: english - platform support: pc license information - license type: complete product - license pricing: standard - license quantity: 1 user COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL aec software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 57 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. providing a seamless realtime workflow supporting all video acquisition ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 929 COL l_ltable.description VAL with the increase in viruses spyware hackers e-mail scams online predators and other online attacks it's more important than ever to protect you and your family. you need an easy way to protect your pc files identity and online experience. mcafee internet security suite is the protection you need to keep you and your family safe when surfing the web shopping banking playing games and enjoying other online activities. mcafee internet security suite also allows you to back up your files and restore lost or corrupted data. get the confidence you need knowing mcafee shields your pc around the clock. the mcafee securitycenter lets you view your protection status with just one click. view larger. mcafee offers a variety of software solutions to give you the level of protection that's right for your family or small business. view larger. coverage for three computers with the 3-user package you can maximize your security investment at home or office by protecting up to three computers from the latest internet threats. 8-in-1 protection mcafee internet security suite is 8-in-1 protection for your pc important files identity and online experience. relax knowing that you always have the latest protection updates software upgrades and enhancements automatically delivered to you. stop viruses. mcafee internet security suite automatically blocks cleans and removes viruses so you can surf the web and download files. block spyware. mcafee blocks spyware before it can be installed on your computer and removes existing spyware. stop hackers. protect and conceal your computer from hackers so you can surf the internet safely. improve your pc's performance. with mcafee's tools to clean clutter off your computer you can keep it healthy and running smoothly. back up & restore files. automated backup and one-click restore features ensure that you don't lose photos music and important files. secure your identity. mcafee protects your online identity so you can shop bank e-mail and instant message worry-free. prevent spam & e-mail scams. mcafee total protection prevents spam and phishing scams so you can e-mail friends and family safely. protect children online. parental controls allow you to filter offensive content pictures and web sites so you can keep your children safe when online. security simplified the new mcafee securitycenter makes security easy. with one-click you can view your protection status. you can also check for updates and fix potential security issues. safe searching with mcafee siteadvisor in addition to 8-in-1 protection you get mcafee siteadvisor's web safety ratings which help you stay safe from adware spyware spam and online scams as you search browse and shop online. always on always protecting always updating when you install mcafee internet security suite you are subscribing to the most up-to-date security software delivered to you by mcafee's patented security as a service (sas) technology. daily threat protection and updates are delivered to you 24/7 from mcafee's world-class research center mcafee avert labs. free software upgrades and enhancements are provided as long as your subscription is active. mcafee offers a variety of renewal options to keep your mcafee protection current. teams of experts are available 24/7 via internet chat and e-mail by visiting www.mcafeehelp.com. there is a 30-day money-back guarantee. if you are not 100% satisfied mcafee offers a full refund. new and improved features for 2007 mcafee internet security suite includes these new and improved features: new: integrated anti-virus anti-spyware and firewall and backup technologies. improved: spyware protection detects blocks and removes spyware and adware. new: complete inbound and outbound firewall protection automatically trusts known good applications and helps block spyware trojans and key loggers. new: stealth mode hides your presence on the internet. new: automated back up saves copies of your most valuable files wherever you want encrypting and compressing your files on a cd/dvd or usb external or network drive. new: mcafee image analysis enhances content protection by protecting your family from potentially offensive pictures. new: mcafee systemguards watch your computer for specific behaviors that may signal virus spyware or hacker activity. new: mcafee x-ray for windows detects and kills rootkits and other malicious applications that hide from windows and other anti-virus programs. new: mcafee siteadvisor adds safety ratings to sites and search engine results based on comprehensive spam adware and online scam safety tests. improved: mcafee securitycenter. new: network manager monitors pcs across your network for security weaknesses so you can easily identify network security issues. new: built-in computer health and performance tools. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL mcafee 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 167 COL r_rtable.description VAL key features: protect up to three pcs stop viruses block spyware stop hackers secure your identity protect children online... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 967 COL l_ltable.description VAL pcdefense protects you from: spyware - spyware scan removes the spyware that's compromising your privacy right now spyalarm blocks new spyware threats before they transmit your personal information to online criminals keyloggers: keylogger prevention stops malicious keyloggers from invading your privacy and stealing your identity rootkits: rootkit scan identifies hidden files and processes that are undetectable by conventional security suites viruses: virus scan delivers on-demand web-based scanning tools that are constantly updated protecting you against the latest virus threats system failure: recover from a catastrophic attack rootkit infestation or system failure using disaster recovery. disaster recovery restores your entire system - files settings and programs COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL avanquest software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1055 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 70 COL l_ltable.description VAL wasp fontware is a powerful bar code utility that seamlessly integrates truetype fonts with your favorite business software and database applications. wasp bar code fonts are compatible with all windows applications including the most common word processors and spreadsheets. easily create bar codes simply by using a font. generating bar codes has never been easier! wasp fontware professional+ package includes additional add-ins for word excel access and crystal reports. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL informatics 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 655 COL r_rtable.description VAL whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. edius pro software can be upgraded to edius broadcast at any time. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL canopus/grass valley 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 1262 COL l_ltable.description VAL the most comprehensive and easy-to-use program to keep your children safe while they surf the web. you control individual settings for each child. parental control software: keep your children safe from internet threats filter objectionable web content and record all websites that each child visits manage your child s computer and internet time schedule and limit chat game playing or other programs receive email reports for all monitored activities lockdown access to windows settings automatically log your child off at bedtime compatible with windows vista& 153; settings can be configured from any pc on your network system requirements: os: windows 2000 windows xp windows vista cpu: 133 mhz minimum memory: 128 mb ram disk: 5 mb format: win 98 me 2000 xp vista COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL webroot software 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 97 COL r_rtable.description VAL un-chain your mind with chainz a challenging puzzle game of colorful logic. rotate links to form chains of matching colors. set up chain reactions and incorporate bonus links for big rewards. you can play at your own pace or try and beat the clock! COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 567 COL l_ltable.description VAL hallmark card studio 2006 helps you design greeting cards for life's special moments. with this software it's easier than ever to create one-of-a-kind hallmark cards as unique as the people you care for. the artistic possibilities are almost infinite! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL sierra home 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2377 COL r_rtable.description VAL the 1 greeting card software. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 909 COL l_ltable.description VAL quickbooks customer manager 2.5 is the easiest way to provide your customers with great service. it consolidates key customer information from applications such as quickbooks microsoft outlook and outlook express in one place and on one screen. all the information you need to service your customers is now at your fingertips. consolidate all your key customer information from quickbooks microsoft outlook and outlook express in one place. view larger. view product demo (requires flash). summarize all the key customer information you need in one place. view larger. share appointments with microsoft outlook calendar. view larger. link files e-mails pictures or almost anything that relates to a customer or project. view larger. easily send personalized communications to a few or a few hundred customers. view larger. consolidate key customer information with quickbooks customer manager 2.5 all the information you need to keep close tabs on your customers are at your fingertips. whether it's the name and contact information you keep in outlook or outlook express the appointments you track in outlook or the financials such as invoices and balances that you track through quickbooks it can all be merged into one easy-to-access location. and with advance customization features customer manager lets you determine the exact information you want synchronized. in other words it's you're in complete control. to view a particular customer's quickbooks financials you can click on any quickbooks item in the recent history pane to jump to quickbooks to see the actual transaction whether it's an invoice payment record purchase order or check. you can also link directly to your customer's quickbooks quickreport. if you use outlook to manage your calendar simple click new appointment and customer manager will launch outlook and open an appointment window. you can then create an appointment that will appear in both outlook and customer manager. (if you don't use outlook you can use the calendar built-in to customer manager to keep track of your appointments. it's easy-to-use and looks similar to a spiral-bound calendar you may keep on your desk.) and finally the name record screen is the nerve center of customer manager and summarizes all the key customer information you need in one place. you can see details such as phone numbers files projects appointments and financial transactions -- all at one quick glance. you can access them in one click. among the many panes and action buttons that customer manager offers are customer profile which includes the customer address phone numbers contacts e-mail address web site and more; recent history which shows a chronological history of communications appointments quickbooks financial transactions and related notes and documents; and notes which allows you to enter details of phone calls and general notes such as directions to the customer's office while you're talking with the customer on the phone and much more. you can even link files e-mails pictures --just about anything that relates to a customer or project -- into one place regardless of which application it came from. so you can quickly view appointments and e-mails with attachments intact as well as letters faxes logos artwork pdf files spreadsheets and more. it's easy to drag multiple e-mails at one time and enter to-do reminders and notes from a phone call or project and schedule events right in customer manager. thousands of details one screen an advanced project record feature lets you stay on top of everything related to a project on a single screen. you can use this feature to track all the details related to a project including contacts suppliers vendors and files such as spreadsheets images or project plans as well as set pop-up alerts to remind you of important tasks and appointments ensuring that nothing slips through the cracks. but even with all these consolidation features customer manager still lets you keep in close personal touch with your customers. with it you can easily send personalized messages to a few or a few hundred customers. with merge features that let you create microsoft word letter templates you can use your customer information to create letters and labels for quick cost-effective mailings to any number of your customers. easy to set-up and use if you're familiar with quickbooks financial software learning how to use customer manager will be a breeze because it looks and works just like your financial software. the desktop looks like a browser and you navigate with one click on the icons toolbars and links. in fact even if you are not familiar with quickbooks if you're like most people you can install the software and run through the easy-to-navigate setup and be up and running in about 30 minutes. it's the best steps you'll take to keep your customers and their valuable information in close track. COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL intuit 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 654 COL r_rtable.description VAL quickbooks customer manager 2.5 COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 355 COL l_ltable.description VAL restricted area is an incredible combination of action gaming and deep role-playing. four very different people meet as they're trying to change their lives. choose one of these four to play -- and enter their dystopian world for a complex twisting story that involves a dark secret and a very large corporation. the advanced ai uses group tactics to react to your character's visible strength the weapon in their hands and more -- you'll have to think to survive cooperative multiplayer mode COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL whiptail 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1243 COL r_rtable.description VAL software COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 429 COL l_ltable.description VAL nan COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL imagination international corp 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 441 COL r_rtable.description VAL the big mix by allume systems for mac play it. mix it. rock it. unleash your talent. become the next superstar or the hottest dj. the big mix delivers the goods. this collection will let you rock the world or just listen to the music. so let the ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 754 COL l_ltable.description VAL hidden expedition: titanic immerses you in an epic expedition. on april 14 1912 the steamship rms titanic struck an iceberg. within hours it sank to the bottom of the atlantic ocean. as part of the hidden expedition adventure league it is your job to explore the wreckage of this once-majestic ship and collect antique artifacts for the titanic museum. get ready to lose yourself in a historic adventure of epic proportions! COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL activision 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 2472 COL r_rtable.description VAL immerse yourself in an epic expedition. as part of the hidden expedition adventure league it is your job to explore the wreckage of the once majestic ship & collect antique artifacts for the titanic museum. collect treasures for the titanic museum. ... COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
 COL l_ltable.id VAL 616 COL l_ltable.description VAL webshop platinum offers you the most in web authoring system software. create an e-commerce web site in no time without technical training. webshop platinum offers everything you need: a fully featured site manager store templates database import wizards html themes and styles thumbnail photo viewer free-form page design and more. all the sophistication you need in a simple and easy to use program. it's the most complete and affordable e-commerce solution around! page hit reporting site archive and rollback & free web hosting test account COL l_ltable.manufacturer VAL boomerang 	  COL r_rtable.id VAL 1215 COL r_rtable.description VAL web shop platinum lets you easily create manage and publish your e-commerce site. includes everything necessary to successfully sell over the internet. perfect for small businesses wanting to sell their products over the web. COL r_rtable.manufacturer VAL nan 	 0.0
